In the name of God

There is a keyboard in front of me, with about 100 keys, each one has a symbol on it. by pressing these keys in a proper sequence, I can convey meaning, knowledge, feelings, truth, lies, orders, rules, stories. do you have thought about it? that's interesting!!! frequency and resonance is more interesting. I can produce some waves with certain frequencies and ears resonance and perceive messages. Now with these symbols and frequencies, I want to tell you a long story.

# Yahya

john freeman is a nickname for Yahya Radmard. Yahya was born in a poor and religious family, like many others. in the lands where he live, the story of many people start like this. most of people were poor and religious, are poor and religious, and maybe will be so. I wonder they are poor because they are religious or they are religious because they are poor!
about the lands that he lived in, it was in the middle of earth, in the crossroads of civilizations, with a rich history, oldest civilization in antiquity, but now, now it was dry. dry of water, civilization, brain, thinking, humanity. not all aspects of humanity, but certainly it has serious shortcomings. how a society can be rich of humanity, yet be dry?
Yahya was gave birth in a normal family, like many others. he had mother, father, grandmothers, grandfathers, and siblings, and nothing more. in their society, people marry to death. divorce is taboo. no step-father, step-mother, step-brother, step-sister, step-son. most of people don't marry and live alone to death if they lose their partner. many even soon die after their partners. seems like death is controllable.
somehow  this society seems beautiful and perfect. every family is a perfect family. parents find a partner for their children and all people find someone to live with. no one is alone. children have parents. no unorthodox relation between step-parents and step-children, or between step-siblings. but that's only the facade. preserving this exquisite facade needs to pay its price, and its price is not cheap. its very expensive. it doesn't only need strive and devotion. it needs sacrifices. humans are not doves or swans. to live such a perfect life they need to sacrifice humanity, sacrifice desires, diversity, masculinity, femineity, wisdom. how a man and a woman can live forever, preserving their masculinity, femineity, wisdom? right is not about to be righteous, it's about to look righteous. hypocrisy is the foundation and principle of right. but Yahya was not hypocrite. he was honest, plain, stupid.
Yahya had an older brother. when he was child, he thought of his father as a hero and his mother as an angel, a saint. his father was working from morning to night, 6 or 7 days a week, but his mother was always home. she was religious and told Yahya many stories about god and prophets, about Adam, heaven and hell, and savior, messiah. 
Yahya was smart in a way but dumb in the other way. he was good at math and most of his scores was perfect, but maybe the local school he attended was not full of bright kids. it's not like that they are inferior in race or gene, but they don't have best nourishment and intellectual environment. their parents are not well-educated, and mostly talk about religious or socialist or nationalist stories and values.
Yahya was not good with others, with people. he was outlier, special, in a communist society, which admires mediocrity and uniformity, and suppresses diversity and specialty.
Yahya had not many friends in school and neighborhood and its relatives. he was alone most of the time, thinking, imagining, contemplating.
Yahya liked Lego and makable toys, and also liked drawing and design. he was born creator. creator is destined to be alone. but their society didn't needed another creator. they had one creator, and that was monopolist, it didn't acknowledge more, that was the one, the only creator. albeit that creator didn't exist, it was an illusion, a myth, but people didn't think so.
Yahya was a believer, because of its mother and grandmother were believers, and they had the main influence on his beliefs. but he was skeptical about many aspects of beliefs. one thing that he never could comprehend was that how an existence can be eternal and be there from the infinite time ago to the infinite time after. when he was a child and he hear from his mother that god is eternal, he tried a lot to imagine an existence that is there without getting created, but he couldn't. to his mind, everything has a creation and a destruction, a beginning and an end. a born and a die.
Yahya was intelligent, tall, capable, but he didn't have confidence, and he always looks himself lowly. he was living in an ideological country that was led by Islamic party. he get accepted and entered the university and started to study computer science. he was interested in philosophy and theology, but he was ambitious and wanted to become rich and important and influencer.
...
yahya went to his friend's house, kamran. this was a duplex house. they were in the kamran's room in upper floor. his sister gave kamran a plate of fruits to brought them for yahya, one cucumber, one kiwi, one apple. after a while when they left, narges went to clean the room, where she found that the plate is clear, with no leftover. 
next time when yahya came to their home, she gave kamran a plate of fruits, banana, kiwi, cucumber, apple. she chose a cucumber with a big tail. also she pu a cup of tea along with cup cakes known as yazdi. tea had a lot of tea leaf, and cakes had an oil paper. kamran gave him the fruits. narges called the kamran and said without, so he could eat fruits without interruption. kamran went to bathroom. narges went to kmaran's room, door were ajar, she secretly peeped to see what he do. he was sitting behind the desk, beside the window, window were open. he sliced banana unpeeled and throw the tail out of window to the garden. then ate slices with skin. then he took out the kiwi tails with knife, throw them out and ate kiwi with skin. then he bit the tail of cucumber, throw it out and ate cucumber. then suddenly kamran told to hear ear
داری چی کار میکنی؟
نگاه کن
he was taller, so he peeped from top of her head. yahya said
چقدر چاییش تفاله داره. عزیز بود میگفت عریس وار نرِفته
then he ate cake with its paper and then drank tea to the end with leafs. at last, plate and cup where clear and empty. narges was exploding from laughter, where kamran was a bit angry and came in and said
میوه ها رو با پوست بلعیدی دایناسور؟ موزو با پوست خوردی گوریل؟
گوریل که موزو با پوست نمیخوره؟
then he showed a video in his mobile were a gorilla peeled a banana, ete the banana, then ate the skin.
خوب الان این موزو با پوست نخورد؟
نه دیگه ببین! موزو جدا خورد پوستو جدا خورد.
تو با هم میخوری؟ از گوریلم گوریلتری.
تو تا حالا موزو با پوست خوردی؟
نه
پس از کجا میدونی خوردنی نیست؟
تو تا حالا گه خوردی؟
قانع کننده بود
تفاله چایی رو چرا میخوری؟ کیکو با پوست میخوری؟
ببین یه بار امتحان کن اینا رو بخور ببین هیچی نمیشه. اینقدر سخت نگیر درگیر این چیزا نباش
a couple of months later he came again. this time narges gave orange and tangerine and persimmon and peeped how he eat them. he ate persimmon unpeeled, but he ete orange and tangerine normally. narges get disappointed.

...

## the visit

maryam came to visit yahya in jail. since she was the daughter of sergent, they didn't checked her. maryam said
سلام![مکث] حالت خوبه؟
سلام! خوبم! خوبی؟
[مکث و لکنت] بازپرس میگه که جرمت محاربه و ارتداده. راست میگه؟ [مکث] تو شیعه علی نیستی؟
شیعه علی؟ تو قرآن چیزی درباره امامت نیومده. علی توهم تقدس داشت و سر این توهم کلی آدم کشت و کشته شد. بچه هاش هم همینطور. علی همونقدر مقدسه و همونقدر حق خلافت داشت که ابوبکر و عمر داشتن
eyes enringed in her eyes hearing these words
یعنی حسین هم بر حق نبود که برای حفظ دین خودش و خانوادشو رو قربانی و فدا کرد؟
وقتی ابره به کعبه حمله کرد به عبدالمطلب گفتن یه کاری بکن گفت اگر اون خونه خداست خودش میتونه ازش محافظت کنه. حسین نماینده خدا برای حفظ دین نبود. یه فدایی خودخوان. متوهم بود مثل شما. کسی که یه بچه یتیم 13 ساله رو میده دم شمشیر مقدس نیست.
یعنی تو سنی هستی؟
من کافرم. ملحدم.
I'm godless. I'm antichrist!
پس همه ی اون حرفا! نماز! روزه! دروغ بود؟ عشقت به من چی؟ اونم دورغه؟
قبلا مسمان بودم. مومن بودم الان دیگه نیستم. در مورد عشق هم همینطور. قبلا عاشق بودم الان دیگه نیستم. گدشته از اون، فک نکنم تو بخوای با یه کافر ازدواج کنی. نه؟ 
به همین راحتی همه چیزو کنار گذاشتی؟
راحت نبود. سخت ترین کاری بود که تو عمرم انجام دادم.
اگر کافر شدی، اگر سرد و بی میل شدی، چطور اینقدر بیرحم شدی؟ نه به عنوان معشوق، نه به عنوان مسلمون، به عنوان یه انسان من مستحق اینم؟
مواهبی که تو عمرت ازشون بهره مند شدی حقت بود؟ همونطور که ثروت و قدرت و زیبایی رو به ارث میبری، رنج و فقر و مجازات رو هم باید ارث ببری.
she somehow broke and froze and wondered how yahya can say these words.
من نمیدونم چی به تو گذشته و چطور شد که اینطوری شدی و این چیزا رو داری میگی ولی حتی به حرمت رابطه ای که با هم داشتیم نمیتونم مرگتو ببینم. شاید بتونم با این از اینجا خلاصت کنم ولی احتمالش بیشتره که بمیرم
she pulled out a hand gun from under her hijab. yahya suddenly noticed the gun and jumped and pushed her sit down and snatched gun and shot the guard soldier who was aiming him and then shot her chest near the heart and grabbed a girl who was visiting her dad and her dad was to struggle but he shot near her head and he froze. he said
اگه دختر خوبی باشی و همکاری کنی میتونی بازم باباتو ببینی
then he picked the girl as hostage and picked the rifle of soldier and asked to open the gate. so he quickly ran away with the girl. in the exit way, she told him we need to get my purse. so he picked her purse from the shelf. he asked the girl if she had a car. she told him has not a car but yahya checked her purse and found the key and found the car and pushed her in from driver door and sat in driver seat and quickly escaped. her car was a normal car so he quickly mixed with traffic. he took off the uniform. he had a white underwear like e T-shirt.
then he came back to the jail. when he wanted to turn into the jail street, he saw ambulance with siren on, so he immediately turned and followed the ambulance. when the ambulance entered the hospital, he looked from outside and saw maryam. her black hijab was obvious. after a long silence, the hostage broke her silence and said
چرا بهش شلیک کردی؟
اسلحه آورده بود که منو نجات بده. اگر میفهمیدن به من کمک کرده زنده نمیموند
حالا میخوای چی کار کنی؟ بری درش بیادری؟ اصلا اسلحه از کجا آورده؟ داشتن اسلحه که جرم سنگینیه
پدرش سرهنگ پلیس بود
خوب پس نباید باهاش کاری داشته باشن
اون بی شرفا به خودی هم رحم نمیکنن. نمیتونم ولش کنم.
خوب من میتونم برم چک کنم. میگم از دوستاشم.
yahya surprised why she wanted to help
پدر من هم به جرم مخالفت با رژیم تو زندانه. فک کنم ما یه دشمن مشترک داریم. ایکاش بابای منم فراری میدادی
همون یه نفر که میخواست بهم کمک کنه و الان یه تیر تو سینشه و روی تخت بیمارستانه برام کافیه. این جنگ منه. نمیخوام کسی به خاطر من آسیب ببینه
به خاطر تو نیست. این جنگ منم هست. من خودم میخوام مشارکت کنم. شاید اونم همینطور. شاید اونم دوست داره بحنگه. چرا فک میکنی همش به خاطر توئه؟ به خاطر خودمونه! به خاطر آزادیه!
به خاطر خودشم که باشه اگر چیزیش بشه من تا آخر عمرم رنج و غذابشو باید به دوش بکشم. میتونی تصور کنی مجبور باشی به عشقت شلیک کنی که اونا نکشن یعنی چی؟
yahya was in an extreme grief but he didn't cry, but hostage cried and after a pause said
حالا نگران نباش. من مطمئنم حالش خوب میشه و میاد بیرون و با هم فرار میکنین. امیدوار باش به آینده
yahya gazed her and stayed silent. then said
باشه. اول باید لباسمو عوض کنم. میتونی برام پیرهن و شلوار بخری؟ پول نقد داری؟ نباید از کارت استفاده کنی
آره پول نقد دارم. برو دم یه لباس فروشی
he started moving and asked
راستی اسمت چیه
شهرزاد، شهرزاد کمالی. مریم فامیلیش چیه؟
فامیلیش جلالیه. تو اسم مریمو از کجا میدونی؟
تو اتاق انتظار با مریم صحبت کردیم و آشنا شدیم. اسم تو هم یحیی رادمرده . 25 سالته و هوش مصنوعی خوندی.
شما زنا واقعا عجیب هستین. پس منو کامل میشناسی بدون اینکه هیج ارتباطی با هم داشته باشیم. خوبه دختر سرهنگه و اینقدر حفاظت اطلاعاتش ضعیفه
دختر همون سرهنگ جلالی که کشته شد؟
آره. پس اخبارو پیگیری میکنی
باباش خیلی به رژیم وابسته بود. خودش اینطور نیست؟ البته ببخشید اینقدر رک میپرسم
خودش اگه به رژیم وابسته بود یه اسلحه نمیاورد منو نجات بده
اوهوم. [مکث] بابام اسمش جاسمه. میشناسیش؟
من خیلی با کسی حرف نمیزنم و کسی رو نمیشناسم
بابام رو به جرم نوشتن یه مقاله انتقادی ده سال حبس کردن. تازه سه سالش گذشته، انگار سی سال بود.
من مطمئنم که به زودی این رژیم سرنگون میشه و پدرت برمیگرده پیشت. امیدوار باش به آینده
she laughed and said
ما تا آخرین نفس مبارزه میکنیم و حتما رژیمو سرنگون میکنیم. ما آینده و امید رو خدمون باید بسازیم
این رژیم خیلی راحت آدم میکشه. حواست باشه یه جوری مبارزه کنی که روز سرنگونی رژیم و آزادی پدرت، زنده و سالم باشی
باشه. همه ی تلاشمو میکنم
then he stopped in front of a store. she asked his size. then quickly bought shirt and pants. she also bought a shirt and scarf for herself. yahya told her
چرا برای خودت لباس خریدی؟
برای اینکه شاید مامورای زندان اونجا باشن. گفتم لباسمو عوض کنم منو نشناسن
he quickly put them up and they went to the hospital. she changed her makeup and hair and scarf and put on her new dress. then they went to hospital.
when they parked car yahya said
میشه بری شهرزاد؟ نمیخوام پات به این ماجرا باز بشه.
نترس. چیزی نمیشه. فقط از حالش برات یه خبر میگیرم و اتاقشو پیدا میکنم و بعد میرم. باقیش دیگه کار خودت
تا همین جا هم خیلی شرمنده هستم
اشکال نداره. کوه به کوه نمیرسه. آدم به آدم میرسه. شاید یه روزی کارم گیر کرد و تو بهم کمک کردی
پس حداقل یه شماره ازم داشته باش. فعلا که من زندانی و اعدامیم ولی شماره دوستمو بهت میدم. اگه یه روزی کارت گیر کرد خبر منو از اون بگیر.
باشه
then they went to the reception and shahrzad asked about her. she was in surgery room. after an hour, her mother and aunt came. shahrzad went and told them she is one of her friends. when they asked how she knows, she told them after accident in jail, her father have called her and told her about maryam.
after a couple of hours, they brought her to the section. her family and shahrzad checked her. she was dizzy after anesthesia. but she recognized her. also she was conscious when yahya took her as hostage. so she understood that yahya is here. then she said to shahrzad
خیلی خوشحالم که اینجا! هیچ چیزی جز بودن تو اینجا مایه آرامش و دلگرمی من نیست
her mother and aunt get confused but shahrzad understood what she implies.
منم اگه نباشم همیشه یکی هست که حواسش بهت باشه. نگران نباش
then she went after a while. she went to yahya and gave him her purse. she picked a bag from it and put it in the bag. also she gave him car key and mobile.
اینا باید پیش تو بمونه که باور کنن منو به زور گرفتی
تو کجا میری چی کار میکنی؟
من یه پیاده روی طولانی میکنم تا خونه و بعد به پلیس زنگ میزنم و میگم منو وسط شهر تو شولغی ول کردی و در رفتی
مراقب خودت باش
خداحافظ
after a couple of hours a group of agents came and brought her mother and aunt. then 2 agents came in room and one soldier was guard. yahya found out they are investigating. shahrzad had a knife in her purse. yahya quickly killed the soldier and picked his rifle and went in the room. they played cool and one hand went to the gun and one hand toward yahya with stop gesture and said
کارو برای خودت از این س
yahya killed him with one shot. second man was to jump and pull his gun, yahya calmly shoot him too. then went to her bed with a sad face and noticed she has handcuff to the bed handle, and said
من بمیرم و تو رو تو این حال نبینم
من حالم خوبه. چرا اومدی اینجا؟ برو خودتو نجات بده
چرا دستتو بستن؟
چون برای تو اسلحه آوردم
بهشون میگفتی اسلحه آوردی که منو بکشی
کسی اسلحه نمیبره که یه اعدامی رو بکشه
then they stared to each other for a bit and yahya said
خوب حالا چی کار کنیم؟ با من میای؟
she tought a bit and said
تو هیچوقت دروغ نمیگی. اون حرفایی که تو ملاقات گفتی راست بود؟
من کارم تمومه. میخواستم تو بری و منو فراموش کنی ولی نشد. میخواستم خاک بر سرم نشه و تو گرفتار نشی که شدی. تو رو تو این حال نبینم که دیدم
خوب پس بازم کن و منو از اینجا ببر
yahya found the handcuff key and opened it and quickly checked the corridor and gave maryam gun and her hijab and her bag and carried her. in the way he told her
ژاپنیا به این میگن اوهیمه دکّو
یعنی چی
یعنی بغل بردن پرنسس. همه دخترا عاشق اینن که یه روزی یه شازده اینجوری بغل ببردشون. چقدر سبکی!
then he quickly went down stairs and went to the parking and picked the car and escaped. is was night. when they was leaving the parking, police arrived and chased them. they had a long run from city center to the city exit, where there was a police station. when they arrived there, they shot to the car. a bit further he slowly stoped and opened the door and suddenly he pulled handbrake and jumped out and aimed and shot the shooters with the rifle and shot the 2 police cars, in windshield and tires, and then he mounted and drove again. after a while he looked her and she was pale and wet. he reduced speed and asked
حالت خوبه؟
she answered with a delay
آره
he stopped the car in a stop station and quickly got off and went to the right door and sat and opened her hijab and saw she is bleeding. he cried, gently picked her and laid her in his cuddle and kissed her and caressed her face, neck, hair, arm, hand.
after a while he noticed she doesn't breath any more. she died in his arms in silence with open eyes staring his eyes. he sat there, in the silent night, wondering how so beautiful she is and now he noticed. he never have stared her this much.
police cars arrived and stopped in a distance and shouted to surrender. he didn't cared. they came closer and checked and noticed he is holding her. they came closer carefully and called and ambulance and checked the car and picked the guns. after a while ambulance came and picked her and police picked him and brought him to station.  

## crimson judge

in the court, judge entered and they asked all to stand up, but yahya refused. judge told him if he didn't obey, they force him to stand up. Yahya told judge
وقتی بزرگی یا عزیزی وارد میشه در حضورش قیام میکنن، قیام نماد احترام و اطاعت و فرمانبرداریه. من تو به تو احترام میزارم نه از تو فرمانبردای میکنم
-people stand up for a great or dear person, standing up is the symbol of respect and obedience. I neither respect you nor obey you
judge said
اگر نایستی مجبور میشیم به زور متوسل بشیم و به اجبار بلندت کنیم
-if you don't stand, we will be obligated to enforce you to stand
مشکلی نیست. شما راست گراهای افراطی حفظ ظاهر خیلی براتون مهمه، عادت به تظاهر کردن دارید. به زور متوسل بشید ولی هممون میدونیم که من این فقط یه نمایشه، ظاهرسازیه
-no problem. you far right people extremely care about the appearance, you are used to pretend. use force but all will know that this is a performance, pretence
then judge ordered soldiers to stand him up. then he asked
چرا چنین مهملات و مزخرفات و بی حرمتی هایی رو تو کتابت نوشتی؟
پرسیدن چرا انحصارا مخصوص خداست. هملات و مزخرفات اون چیزایه که شما بهش اعتقاد دارید. دین و مذهب و رژیم شما مهملات و مزخرفاته. تو اونقدر اون بالا نشستی و مردم برای مردم حکم دادی که باورت شده خدایی یا نماینده ی خدایی! تو جرمو بین حکمتو بده. چرا به تو ربطی نداره قاضی.
تو داری به قاضی ارشد دادگاه عالی انقلاب قضاوت و خداشناسی یاد میدی؟
به عنوان قاضی دادگاهی که تو لیست فساد جزو ده کشور آخر دنیاس خیلی اعتماد به نفس نداری قاضی؟
رتبه بندی ای که توسط کفار تو کشورهای فاسد غربی انجام شده برای ما ارزشی نداره. کاملا مشخصه که کفرگویی و بی حرمتی که تو کتابت انجام دادی کاملا عمدی و آگانه بوده و هنوز هم به اون اراجیف باور داری و توبه نکردی و ازهار پشیمونی نمیکنی
تو هم همینطور قاضی به نظرم تو هم هنوز به اراجیفی که یه عمره گفتی اعتقاد داری و توبه نکردی
حکم بی حرمتی به مقدسات و کفرگویی و دعوت مردم به شرک، اشد مجازات است. ختم جلسه
then yahya suddenly freaked and started crying and said
اعدام؟ مگه من چی کار کردم آفای قاضی؟ من که با کسی کاری نداشتم؟
while he was begging and crying he crawled toward the judge and soldier came to stop him and suddenly yahya hit his face with forehead and snatched his gun and set it in one-shot mode in a blink and shot the other soldier before him to unlock and shoot, and then shot in the judge's head. then shot the attorney general, secretary and every authority in the court. then faced the fallen soldier. he begged for mercy, yahya said
میدونی عبدالمالک برای چی سربازا و پاسدارها رو سر میبرید؟ برای پدر مادرای شما یاد بگیرن جووناشونو نفرستن برای خدمت به رژیم. اگر بفرستن باید انتضار شهادت هم داشته باشن. شما میخواین منو بکشین و من هم شما رو میکشم. من اگر به شما رحم کنم، شما به من رحم میکنین؟ نه
then he shot the soldier in the belly.
the he checked the magazine. it has one bullet left. then he checked the judge and the others to find a gun. judge had a small handgun. suddenly a guard came in and shot yahya, yahya shot back quickly, he get covered outside behind door. yahya calmly stood and went out fro the other door, since court had 2 doors, one was back, one in front for judge. yahya shot the guard quickly but some other guards and soldiers where in corridor and they shot. then they shouted to surrender. yahya saw that they are too many and then came inside and sat on the floor and put guns down. he was bleeding. the bullet hit his shoulder. then they came and arrested him.

## jail

when Yahya get better they moved him from hospital to the jail. in the entranced soldier asked him to take off his underwear. he asked why? and he told it is rule to check for smuggling things in. he told that he is from the hospital. but anyway if you too see come and take it off. manager told soldier to ignore him. he was not talkative. prisoners were pissed whit his attitude. they are typically socialized and think someone is arrogant if he always stay alone. but they knew he is murderer so they were ignoring him.
several days later, one official give the jail boss a command to kill yahya silently. the jail boss, charged 3 prisoners to kill him. one soldier was also in charge. one night one of them go up his head and was to cut his throat but yahya immediately blocked his hand and pushed it aside and hit his face with a stone that was in his hand and pushed him on teh ground and picked his knife and cut his head with that small knife. then put his head on the back of body and cleaned his hand with dead's cloths and went and slept. after a while the soldier who was helping the assassinate came and saw the dead and shouted and called the support. yahya was sleep and woke up and saw the dead and perplexed. soldier watched him carefully and get convinced that he was not the murderer.
the next day, 4 residents of that room spent in solitary and got investigated. there was no evidence, so they returned to their room. then 2 other friends of dead, cornered yahya in bath with the help of their soldier associate. one grabbed yahya from back and took him out of the shower. he pretended he is scared and when he release his mouth he started to begging and asked what they want from him. he told
حرومزاده تو رفیق بچگی من سر بریدی. خرخرتو میجوم
رفیق شما رو؟ آقا به خدا من هیشکی رو نکشتم. من مهندسم. من اصلا این حرفا بهم میخوره؟ اینا برام پرونده سازی کردن قتل انداختن گردنم میخوان اعدامم کنن. من فقط یه کتاب فلسفه نوشتم که اینا میگن کفرگوییه. آقا شما باور نکن! شما به بزرگیت ببخش مرام شما نیست دست روی کوچیکتر بلند کنی
اگه تو جمال رو نکشتی پس کی کشته حرف بزن تا زندت بزارم؟ ترسوندتت که می کشدت
نه به خدا آقا من اصلا نمیدونم خواب بودم به خدا. سربازم دیده میدونه.
به هر حال من امشب باید کارتو تموم کنم. فقط یه راه داره اونم اینکه بگی کار کی بود.
والله نمیدونم بالله نمیدونم
پس هیچی
then he pulled a knife, yahya suddenly with all of his strength jumped and hit his forehead in his face then snatched his knife and hit it in the other's eye, and then went on for the first and bited his throat and held it while he was laying on the platform beside the wall. then soldier heard the other's screams while hi had a knife in his eye. when he saw the knife in the eye was laying dead near the corner of wall and the other was suffocating with the mouth of yahya. he scared and froze. when the other died, yahya released him and said
تا حالا خرخره کسی رو نجوییده بودم. تو میخواستی خرخره منو بجویی؟
then he went for the soldier and grabbed his gun and hit his head with the buttstock and twisted his neck suddenly half a round. then he swaped uniformed quickly and went to the door. it was night and then opened the gate when they saw the soldier. his head was down with a hat so they didn't saw the face. then yahya quickly killed 3 soldiers and picked their magazines and went to the office instead of the exit gate. some of soldiers and staff came out from their rooms. yahya shoot them on sight. then he went to the last room, the manager room strait. his door was locked. he shot the lock and opened the door. the boss was hiding under the table. he shot the table and killed him.
there was 4 sits in front of boss's table. yahya put the gun on the table and sat on one chair. his dual was sitting the facing chair. dual said
-now what? why you don't put the gun in your mouth and shoot?
-it's cliche. i want novelty, surprise, freshness. i'm creator, not an imitator.
-it's not about imitation or creation. you have no way out. they will kill you, after torturing and breaking you.
-so what? then i must kill myself out of fear? i decided not to live, not to choose and act based on fear. conversely, i want to face my fears, i want to experience them.
-is there any point to get tortured and executed?
از این ستون به اون ستون فرجه
they were shouting to surrender and put down your gun. then he continued
-despair is the greatest and only unforgivable sin.
-what about illusion? isn't it sin? it's like madness. it's the prophets sin.
دیوانگی موهبت الهیه
فکر میکنم انکار عقل کافریست
انکارش نمیکنم. خودمو از بندش رها میکنم.
then they entered the room and saw he is talking with an empty chair and the gun is on the table. they hit him and closed him and moved him to the solitary. 

## solitary

in solitary, Yahya faced its dual. he stands straight in front of him and said
-know our times come. I wonder why people disgust or fear from solitary. do they disgust or fear from themselves this much?
his dual said
-it's the second ordeal of human to love himself. first, human must acknowledge himself, must believe in himself. most of the people think who talks to himself is psychic. they are heretics. they believe in invisible God, more precisely in the non-existing God, but they don't believe in themselves.
-I think they problem is not that they don't believe in themselves. the problem is that they see themselves as a monolith existence, singular, and so they have created a singular monolith God. their desire, they wish, their believe, they target is unity, singularity.
-yes, we humans love unity. and we love to love too. and love and heresy are inseparable. love is blind. love causes denial. people don't see the world with unclouded eyes. they see what they want, what they love. and also what they hate. love and hate are not far apart. they are two sides of one coin.
-if love is heresy, if love leads to denial, then why we must love ourselves? doesn't it leads to denial, to have a blind eye for the world? they others?
-you can love the world too, love the others! you are hasty and impatient. what do you think is the next ordeals?
-we can love anything, so we can avoid denial? when we love someone, we deny her or his weaknesses. so we can love all but still we are heretics.
-then we must love weaknesses too! like now. we must love death. it seems we don't have enough time for the next ordeals.
-love life and love death. that seems irony or absurd. but when we look deeper, that seems right! life and death are two sides of one coin. we always love life and hate death, when the times come, we love death too. we can embrace it with love, o dear death!
-for a long time, people hated death, and denied it, become heretics to it. they created a God without death, and also created afterlife and self-granted immortality to themselves. they denied death, so they denied life, and they became despisers of life, despisers of body, despisers of themselves. but I don't deny death. and I don't deny mourning. I mourn my death.
-I was a good human. jibun wa daijinisuru, minna wa daijinisuru, jinsei wa daijinisuru, sekai wa daijinisuru.
and then Yahya embraced his dual with eyes ringed with tears and then he looked at him with smile. after a while, his dual said
-why are you gay? it's said if you can look at someone eye to eye for 10 seconds, you are in love with him or her.
-tashkani I'm in love with you.
-narcissist
-zannenda we don't have enough time to complete next ordeals and become psychopath and Machiavellians.
they laughed.
after a while, the duty soldier came an asked Yahya what he wants before his death. Yahya said?
-Haagen daze strawberry
-what? khak andaz?
-Haagen daze strawberry. it's a foreign ice cream brand. we can find foreign chocolate or fruits, but there is no foreign ice cream!!!
-if you know there is no foreign ice cream, then why you ask for it?
-the life is full of surprises, and may give you what is beyond expectations!
-you are crazy
and he went.
he went to staff room and told the major that he wants foreign ice cream, called Haagen daze strawberry.
and his major get confused!
one of duty soldiers thought a bit and told
-my auntie has been arrived last night from Germany. maybe she brought some ice cream.
major said
-we are not servants of a criminal. that trash must get executed hungry and thirsty. we can born him to die. 
soldier said
-but we must behave like the prophet and imam.
-don't preach for me. no one bring ice cream as souvenir. but even if there is ice cream in her luggage, you are an idiot to waste it by giving it to a criminal. 
-may i call her
-do what ever you like
then soldier called his auntie. surprisingly she had some ice creams, Haagen-Dazs special.
he got permission and went and brought the ice cream. it was late, after midnight. he went to Yahya cell and gave it to him
Yahya said
-oh! bikkurishita! subarashii! sasuga Haagen daze!!!
-what? abbas said you wanted Haagen-Dazs strawberry, my auntie has brought some Haagen-Dazs from abroad. also it Haagen-Dazs, not Haagen daze.
-haagen daze is in Japanese accent. the life is full of surprises. if i was out there, i couldn't find a meager Haagen daze. now a Haagen daze special in this dungeon from turnkey! that's behelith. may i become Aziz. the world always have more!!! allaho akbar! but you can keep it. i don't want to eat you auntie's souvenir.
-after these mountain of compliment, don't compliment and get it.
-i wanted Haagen daze strawberry, no more, no less. I'm perfectionist. but if you insist, i can accept it.
soldier laughed and gave it to Yahya and said
-don't look for an excuse to tell yourself we didn't grand your death wish! enjoy it. it's better!
Yahya opened it and started eating.
-hoooooom! sugoku Uma!!! i want to find an excuse to live!!! i can't die before i eat Haagen daze strawberry!
-as you said the world is full of surprises! maybe you can live and eat it!
-so you don't despise me, prisoner, you turnkey?
-not more than the myself, not more than the warder! not more than the prison!
-dear young fellow! maybe you will be able to love yourself if you come inside and experience what you guard! maybe it is valuable so it has guard!
soldier laughed and said
-i think it is valuable to hold criminals isolated from society
Yahya smiled and said
-but if you read the history, you will find that most of valuable leaders and influencers were held in prison for some time, from Jesus Christ to Gandy, nelson Mandela, Hitler, Khomeini!
-That's such a toxic mix.
-maybe not if you can see beyond good and evil! if you are antichrist!
-do they are executing you because of heresy?
-they execute believers, like Jesus Christ! heretics are free!
-you talk like a prophet
-but i bet you are convinced that you believe in the last prophet and there will be no more! but life is full of surprises!
-so really you think you are a prophet?
-tashkani I'm not a new prophet, I'm creator.
-i will go and talk to the warder. i think you have mental illness. they should not execute you.
-thanks for the ice cream. it was the best ice cream that i have eat in my entire life!
soldier said here you are and wanted to go but Yahya called him and said
-i have one more request if you hear. i want you to record my execution, if you can bring a mobile and film it. i want you to send the video to the email i tell you.
soldier said the mobile is forbidden and hard to bring it but i try. then went to the staff room and describe the Yahya's situation, but warder assured him that he is not crazy, he is weird and he has been tested for mental illnesses.
despite that soldier was believer and despised the heretics, he felled unease and guilt about executing Yahya!
Yahya was talking to his dual.
-people think the death is in the hands of god! i think the death is in one self's hand, the real god! one die when he wants, but people are heretics to themselves.
-there are millions of cases that doesn't seem to be chosen by free will. so people convince themselves that death is accidental or controlled by a supreme existence. but i think you are right. when people want to die, when the lose hope and fell in despair, they die sooner, and when they yearn for life, they live longer.
-do I can live longer? i don't want to die! i think mind is powerful, and it can control and manipulate body, also it can find solutions for problems.
-it doesn't seem possible to get outside of this cell. maybe a food poisoning or some illness could give a break.
-but it is futile. you are heretic and they want to kill you.
-so i hope my neck muscles can bear my weight for 10 minutes and let a little oxygen pass though my throat.
a couple of hours later the time came. they fetched prisoners from solitary and take them in a row to gallows. they where gloomy expect Yahya. he had a smile on his face.
when they reached the yard and he see gallows, he said
-sugoii! you have mass execution instruments!!! how many are them? 8? 10? 12?
then they get prepared. executor fit the rope in their neck one by one, they where 10 men. when the executor wanted to put a hat on the Yahya's head, he ask to not cover his face, he said he wanted to see the world and people during death. executor pull the handle and 10 men fell down and suffocated to death. soldier secretly recorded Yahya's execution and later, sent it the email Yahya told him.
in the mortuary, Yahya waked from sleep and started to hear. but he didn't have power to open eyes. like he was prisoned inside his body. that was a horrible experience. he was alive and conscious but he was not able to move a finger or eyelid. he feared maybe he have lost his spinal cord. but when he thought about execution and death, he thought that there is nothing worse than death, or maybe this is worse? death seems better than this. Muslims wash dead bodies with special rituals. they were washing other executed bodies. one of them asked his colleague what to do with this body pointing Yahya. he ask do he need to wash this body. his colleague said you can wash him with piss, that bastard profaner infidel. he asked do they need to take his cloths. his colleague said
-he is defilement. in my opinion don't touch it and let it be as it is.
-but dead is unclean, no matter it is Muslim or infidel.
-do you really think the dead of Muslim and infidel are the same? we revere Muslim's dead body but if you ask me, we must burn infidels.
-maybe he would choose to get cremated if he was abroad.
Yahya thought about his funeral and thought he prefer to be buried with suit in a luxury wooden coffin and also his mobile phone and watch. in this way he can call emergency if his is alive. but he thought this is only for an extremely rare case when he is alive. if he was really dead, it didn't mattered what how is dress and coffin, but the rare case has been happened. he was alive after death. he thought soon they bury his body and he is alive but he can't ask for help, and even he ask for help, they kill him again. execution was not an event he wanted to experience it again. he wanted to calm himself but getting stuck in a body, was a really horrible experience too. he tried to sleep but he couldn't form the fear he was drowning in it. they moved the bodies to the back of a truck. they stacked up bodies. Yahya felt sorry for the dead bodies since they moved them carelessly, like a bag of potato. demo shouganaina! they are not human anymore. they don't sense, so they don't treat them humanly. but Yahya was an alive human and he could fill the pain when they throw his body in car. he was lucky that they but him on top of stack.
due to the special security condition, they were to bury bodies without the presence of families. they took the bodies to cemetery. it was near the sunset. when they moved the bodies to the graves and put them in the dogged holes, suddenly a caravan of militia attacked this group. they were several trucks with armed solders on the back shooting aimlessly. the soldiers escaped immediately. the militia took all bodies except Yahya. when they came over the graves, they opened the bags to see the faces. when they where walking around grave, dirt and stones was felling in the grave, which was a horrible and caused fear, fear of get buried alive is not imaginable. it feels worse than execution. one came inside the grave and opened the bag of Yahya and said aloud "he is that infidel". their friends called "then let it be there". it seems they were protesters and they wanted the bodies, but they didn't liked Yahya since they knew that he is godless and antichrist. so they let him be in the grave. when they opened that zip of bag, Yahya felt a fresh air and now he could breath easier. they quickly picked all bodies except Yahya and then suddenly went far. then a massive silence became dominant. with the sounds, fear also went from Yahya and he felt that there is no one to bury him and now bag is open and fresh air is coming.
after a couple of hours he could open his eyes. gradually his strength was coming back. he pulled his body up and tried to sit in the corner of the grave, laying his head on the wall. that was the hardest and longest sitting he ever have done. then he rested for a while. he then noticed his dual sitting on the opposing corner. he said
-so, I survived. nobody likes me, no one wants me alive, regime, militia. I wonder am i that bad?
-they don't tolerate a sublime existence, a strong one, a creator. maybe you want clear them and bring new ones. you're better be dead.
-strong? sublime? I'm in a depth of a pit and i don't know i can get out of it!
-that's not a novel story.
-you live in stories, you daydreamer.
-you live in reality, last night you ate Haagen-daze in solitary, morning you get executed, in the evening while you was getting buried, an armed caravan attacked your interment ceremony, and now you are sitting alive in the grave talking with your dual.
Yahya noticed a sound, someone or an animal was walking this way. he laughed and said
-then get eaten by a wolf in my grave
-death is fearsome for the first time. after that you get used to it.
he feared from the sound, but not that much. then he heard a voice called
-Salam! is there anyone there?
Yahya wanted to shout but his throat didn't helped, so his voice became suffocated. then after a breath he said with a silent voice, like the voice he talk with his dual
-Salam! I'm here in the grave.
foot steps came closer, then a friendly middle aged homeless man with black and withe long lair and beard and a smile sat on the edge of grave and said
-what are you doing in the grave brother, with the prisoners uniform?
-nothing, i just don't have enough strength to come out
-give me your hand
and man pulled Yahya out and said
-happy birthday, can you walk?
Yahya stood up and said
-i think so. but today is not my birth day
-then come with me
they started to walk.
-indeed happy rebirth day. you just came out of them womb of the earth.
-i don't think this pit is the earth's womb. it's grave.
-this is a portal, a gate to next life. but you are john the apostate. you don't believe in the next life, even know that you are in it, do you?
-it seems exactly like my first life so far.
he said with silent voice and averted eyes, since he felt shame of being apostate in front of a believer.
-may i ask you your name?
-I'm Abd-Al-Rahman
-it seems you know me and you are a believer. then why do you help me? i think it's not what a believer must do
-you were a believer, a true one, even more than me. you had your retribution for your sin. now you are forgiven. you are clean.
Yahya paused for a while then said
-i wish they thought like you, but I'm sure if they find me they kill me again.
then Yahya asked
-may i ask what do you do in the cemetery?
-live. i live here.
-why?
-i was waiting for the miracle, for the emersion of savior.
-in the cemetery?
-prophecy said savior will born clean, aware, dressed, strong. i thought where savior can born this way except cemetery
-so you live in the largest cemetery, a cemetery with prosperity. the death market is hot in these lands. the land of despisers of life.
then they arrived at the Abd-Al-Rahman camp. it was a small rag, a flask, some edibles from what people make charity in the graveyard for their dead. it was beside a grave under a tree.
Yahya asked
-do you live here
-yes
-where do you sleep? this rag is barely long to sleep on
-i sleep in the grave
-i have heard of people who sleep in the graves
-but don't call me despiser of life. I don't yearn for death. it's just safer there, warmer in winter, colder in summer.
while they were talking, they sat on the rag and Abd-Al-Rahman poured hot tea in a plastic mug and gave it to Yahya and poured one for himself too. Yahya said thanks. then he greeted him a plate with dates and halva to Yahya. Yahya picked halva to eat with tea. he was sad and thinking, gazing the ground. after eating hot tea slowly, Abd-Al-Rahman fetched a bundled rag and opened it. inside was some cloths. he gave them to the Yahya and said
-here you are. these are not that worthy, but are better than prison uniform. excuse me i don't have better.
-you must excuse me that i don't anything in return.
-i would be glad if you spend a night with me but i think you don't like to sleep in the grave.
-i don't like to sleep in grave, [pause] again. but i have no where to go.
-here is my passport and documents. also there is some money that i have collected from charity in these years.
-with huge inflation, i don't think that worth much, excuse me, i didn't wanted to be rude, but thanks i can't accept it from you.
-don't worry. i regularly exchanged them. most of it is not our currency.
-you are well equipped and prepared.
then Yahya checked the documents and see that the passport image is looking like him. it was with short hair and without beard and younger. he looked him and somehow find similarity between their faces. 
then he said
-thanks for everything. i will return you favor. where i can find you?
-you don't need to return me anything. it's a gift.
-then i will go. i hope to see you again and that time i will give you a gift!
-we get life from our parents and give life to our children. don't try hard to return favor. give it to next one!
then Yahya hugged him with a sad smile and went to bus terminal and when to the borders. the borders was crowded with refugees escaping the war. he went a long to the kingdom. they moved the immigrants to refuge camp. he spend several days there until his interview schedule. in the interview room, interviewer asked his reason of immigration and his background. Yahya described his past, his education, his writing and his book against god. his rampage and killing judge, his execution and his escape with fake documents. he described the last parts about rampage, execution and fake documents with a late night DJ voice, since his voice was been recording. the interviewer became surprised about his murder, execution and fake documents. he objected about the voiced and asked politely to be loader. Yahya continued with a special silent voice
-i intentionally talk like this. this old microphone has a vo-coder and i talk so that it can't be perceived. for a long time, i wondered why i can't live a good life. what is my sin? why i must live in hell? why life for us is privilege, not a right? why we must get examined and pass interviews to live as second grade citizens? are we inferior? are we damned? but then i found that this questions are wrong. you know, the question can be wrong itself, a question without and answer, or a question that its answer doesn't solve any problem and doesn't have value. these questions are wrong because they are based on the wrong assumptions. they told me that life is right, that there is order, there is law, that there is good and bad, and bad will fail, will decay. they didn't tell me i must earn what i want. they told me i must be good, respect the others, respect the law. but it seems i don't get anything in return except praise and promises. some wise man taught me to live beyond good and evil. some great man get rejected and destroyed the world. I get accepted and recreate the world. Mr. bureaucrat, I'm not a criminal or a lowly person that must get a living permission to live a humane life from a government employee. I'm not a cattle that must bypass the regulatory checklist to enter the barn otherwise must get disposed. today i want the approval. if by any chance i don't get my approvement, then you will experience a glimpse of the suffering of living in the middle earth i experienced. so then you may see a glimpse of the outer worlds where chaos rules over order. you may think that approving a potential criminal, a psychopath is very bad and against laws and you betray you establishment, your kingdom, your order, but I'm afraid that while they punish the criminal, no one, no order, no ruler, no judge can't make dead alive, can't heal the grief of losing relatives, can't help someone forget the painful experience of destructing a happy life. preserving the order is expensive, need to pay the price, need to sacrifice. can you give sacrifices to preserve order? or you will participate and become a part of the new order?
the interviewer was frozen with a cold sweat, after a pause and looking table and papers with an unsettled moving eyes, he said with a trembly voice
-but I'm not the decision maker. the board...
Yahya stopped him and said
-is that my problem? [pause] or yours? [pause] can you try to fit in my shoes for a moment?
-[trembly voice] i will try my best
-for sure. for me or for yourself and your family?
Yahya was not smiling. he was looking with a senseless face. then he stood and went out.
soon its approval came and he moved to a temporary housing to find a job. soon he found a job in a A.I. game startup. he get his documents with the name "john freeman" since "Abd-Al-Rahman Ne'mat-Allah" was not a common name and it was reasonable for government to change such names.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
# maniac mask

in kingdom john bought a cool bike and a cowboy hat and of course, guns. he also bought a maniac mask. once when he was in bank at the counter, 3 armed rubbers came and closed the door and shouted to lay down on the ground and leader shoot upward. john stayed cool and didn't reacted. then leader came closer to him and said
-are you deaf, or you filthy immigrant don't understand international language?
and pointed his gun on him
-the language of fear? but my suit is new and it gets dirty
-it's already dirty cause you wore it
and they laughed. then he came closer and pointed gun near john face and continued
-lay down
-if i don't, what? you kill me with fake bullets?
and he looked the ceiling where he shot. there was not a sign of bullet. then he paused a little, then pulled another gun and pointed in him
-I have real too!
-wow! [sniff] it seems new. it doesn't smell gunpowder, unlike mine
he feared and said
-you can make it used
then john looked at him and said
-I don't know fear. so you can't make me to do or do not do anything with fear. though you are not fearsome at all. you must do it by force if you have
then john went toward the door. one was there. he taught john is going toward him so he pulled back. leader shouted
-escaping? huh!
then john locked the door and said
-locking the barn so sheep don't escape slaughter.
then he went toward the leader. he shouted
-don't come closer, i will shoot
-i told you, i don't fear, shoot
then he jumped and hit his face with forehead and he fell and he sat on him facing the others, and he pulled his knife, then his friends after a while of uncertainty started to run toward him to help. then john pulled his magnum and shoot toward one of them and said
-do you also have a real one?
then john pulled his mask hat and saw a beautiful blond boy with blue eyes and said
-such a waste to kill this beautiful creature. what's your name
-mike
then one of his friends pulled his mask and while he was crying he came closer and said
-kill me instead of him
-i will kill you all in turn, wait for yours
-kill me first, i can't see his death
then he fell and bow down.
-sheep compete to getting slaughter
then he stood and said and put his knife and gun in sheath and longed his hand for mike and got his hand and helped him stand and said
-the most effective universal language to communicate for all, even animals, is not fear, is mercy. put you guns and go before cops arrive.
then they quickly put their guns and escaped. john picked their guns and went to the counter to continue his account opening.
later, john met mike accidentally. mike was working as a deliverer and he brought a package for john. john invited him in to eat a coffee. he invited him to shooting club. he was intended to create a gang or cartel. so mike and his friends were a good start. they came to shooting club and gradually became friend with john.
after a while, yahya called his brother Yousef and told him he is alive, and invited him to kingdom. he was married and had one boy. his wife was nurse and he was civil engineer. he was worry about their father, asghar. their father was living alone after their mother died and yahya went to duty service. yahya wanted him come to kingdom but he was a nationalist and didn't want immigration at all. his brother and his family came to kingdom, but his father even didn't wanted to come and see him because he was a religious man and he knew yahya is godless. but he get frustrated and anxious and nervous after immigration of yousef. after a couple of months, he get killed.
he was working with car for an internet taxi service after retirement. once he picked a woman and her daughter to her house. she was frail and feminine and she attracted him. she had some stuff and asghar helped her to carry the stuff in house. she then gave her a tea and get his number to call him for taxi. she was couture and made wedding dress in house, so she often needed a car to brought the dresses to atelier and then buy grocery and came back home, about once a week. gradually they get interested to each other, because both were alone. her name was masoume. her daughter was nazanin. her husband, abbas was a hoodlum and his son davood was his succedent. davood was in jail. he was the abbas's boy from his first wife. masoume and nazanin thought abbas is dead but he played dead to escape the pursuing of police. he was living with his first wife secretly.
nazanin was alone, without her father and brother, she needed support, so she started relation with older boys from high school. at first she was very easy and supportive but gradually she learned to take advantage of her boyfriends and choose ones that can get advantage of. her mother hadn't a normal life and she have taken her steps. her mother was the second wife of abbas. she seduced him to take her. when she was younger she was after hoodlums and interesting guys, but now that she is older, she is looking for religious men that can manage family.
nazanin was very interested in davood, indeed she was in love with him, but davood loved nazanin only as his little sister. since nazanin was very feminine and cute, she made a good relation with asghar. also asghar didn't had a daughter so he was fond of nazanin. after a while, they saved some money and payed the blood money of the murdered and released the davood from jail. they where in home where davood came and rang the door bell. masoume opened the door and when davood came in, nazanin get surprised and screamed from happiness and jumped and embrace asghar and said thanks since he had told her he has a surprise for her. the moment that davood saw nazanin is embracing asghar, the way that asghar also took her waistline and the casual dress of nazanin, made him mad, he thought asghar is the nazanin's husband, he got the pot, went toward him, slapped nazanin in the way and hit the pot in his head and he said
بی ناموس منو آوردی بیرون که بهم نشون بدی با ناموسم چی کار می کنی
masoume went toward asghar and yelled
چی کار کردی حروم لقمه
davood slapped her when she came closer and told her
میدونستم اگه این دخترو پیش تو هرزه بزارم خراب میشه
nazanin wept and said
خراب چیه! داوود شوهر مامانه، جای پدر نداشتمه
he get perplexed and said
فک کردم شوگر ددی گرفتی که منو آزاد کنی. اگه شوهر ننته که بدتر. بی شرف دختر جوون با شوهر ننش تو یه خونه زندگی میکنه؟ شوهر ننته جلوش با رکابی میشینی بغلش میکنی دستشو دور کمرت میگیره
حاج داوود مقیده چشم پاکه
همین حاجی رو بهش رو میدادی تو رو جای ننت صیغه میکرد. وسایلتو جمع کن از این به بعد خونه من زندگی میکنی
when they were talking davood was groaning from pain then suddenly he puked and masoume said
یه ماشین بگیر داوودو ببریم بیمارستان. حالش خوب نیست
then davood fainted. they brought him to hospital but he died there. they arrested davood. they called Yousef as his only son since yahya was officially died. yahya said he will come along. yahya and yousef were look alike and they could use each others documents. when they went to middle earth, yahya said he will go to the police station. yousef insisted that it is dangerous and they may find that he is yahya. but yahya was fearless. asghar knew yahya is alive, but they didn't knew if he have told masoume and nazanin, though they have told him not to tell to anyone.
john with mike, James, steve came with different flight. they took rooms in separate hotels near the asghar's house. they rented same looking cars, expensive cars. john went to police station as Yousef. officer described the accident and called masoume and nazanin. john wanted to see davood. they brought him.
john asked
تو پدر منو کشتی؟
من، [مکث] یه ضربه بهش زدم. بعدا تو فوت شد
چرا زدیش؟
خواهرمو بغل کرد منم عصبانی شدم از کوره در رفتم. فک کردم خواهرمو عقد کرده نمیدونستم با مادرش ازدواج کرده
خواهرتو به زور بغل کرد؟
[مکث] نه. [مکث] به هر حال یه آدمی با اون سن و سال باید مواظب رفتارش باشه
چرا بغلش کرد؟
[مکث] پدرت بدهی منو داد و منو از زندان آزاد کرد. نازنین خیلی خوشحال شد
پس نازنین اونو بغل کرده نه بابا من
[مکث] آره
چرا زندان بودی؟
[مکث] یه درگیری بود یکی کشته شد. قتل عمد نبود. دیه شو نداشتم بدم
کی بود؟ چند سالش بود؟ به خواهرت مربوط بود؟
[مکث] یه پسره ی بی ناموسی بود مزاحمت خواهرم میشد یه بار تو خیابون دعواشون شد دست روش بلند کرد هر چی از دهنش در میومد گفت فحش ناموس داد ما هم به بچه محلا زدیمش.
یه جونور نر از جفتش محافظت میکنه که ازش بچه دار بشه و از بچش نگه داری کنه و جفتش از یکی دیگه حامله نشه. تو چرا اینقدر رو خواهرت حساسی میخوای ازش بچه دار شی؟
تو مثل اینه رفتی خارج بی ناموسی برات عادی شده. تو یکی از مزاحمت خواهرت بشه کاری باهاش نداری؟
then john didn't say anything for a while and thought. then masoume and nazanin arrived. when they see him they noticed that he is not exactly who talked with him with video calls, but is seems they didn't know yahya is alive so they remained confused. masoume said
خدا پدرتو رحمت کنه.
then she started crying. nazanin consoled her and said
خدا پدرتو بیامرزه. برای منم پدر بود. پدری که هیچ وقت نداشتم. زود رفت!
یه طوری صحبت میکنی انگار به مرگ طبیعی مرده یا سکته کرده.
یه اتفاق بود. یه حادثه.
سرخ بودن صورت تو و مادرتم به همون حادثه مربوطه؟
من متوجه غم تو هستم. ولی ما از تو کمتر غمگین و عزادار نیستیم. مادر من بعد سالها سختی تنهایی تازه مرد زندگیشو پیدا کرده بود. منم تازه پدر دار شده بودم. درد ما کمتر از درد تو نیست.
so what?
so what?
خوب که چی
[مکث] عمدی در کار نبود. کسی نیمخواست اینطوری بشه. [مکث] تو الان بزرگ مایی. بزرگی کن و ببخشش. نزار دوباره عذادار بشیم. داوود تنها کسیه که برای ما مونده.
[با تمسخر] خدا براتون نمونده؟ خدا کس بی کساس. توکلت به خدا باشه. جالبه که منو کس و کارت حساب نمیکنی
اون سایه بالای سر ماست. شما کجا هستین؟
آفتاب برکت کویره
اگر ببخشیش دیه ی پدرتونو از زیر سنگم شده جور میکنم میدم
نرخ دیه الان چنده؟ نرخ استرلینگ چقدره؟ فک کنم یه ده هزارتایی بشه. به نظرت من نیازمند اون پولم؟ یعنی اگر نبخشم دیه رو نمیگیرم؟ چه قانون عجیبی! منطقی تره که مجرم هم جبران خسارت کنه هم تنبیه بشه
برادر من قاتل نیست. اتفاق بود
برادرت دو بار اتفاقی قتل کرده؟ تصادفی زدتت؟ پدر من از زندان درش آورد عاقبتش این شد.
هر چی شما بگین. من هر کاری بگین میکنم که اونو ببخشین
هر کاری؟ [پوزخند] داداشت دو نفرو کشته برای تویی که حاضری هر کاری بکنی؟
davood jumped suddenly, so fast that the soldier couldn't take him, he was to hit john, but john hit his face with forehead and he get thrown back in his seat. john said
اشما ارازل مثل سگ میمونین. فقط پارس میکنین و زورتون به زن و بچه و پیر میرسه.
برو خدا رو شکر قانون دستمو بسته وگرنه نشونت میدادم کی سگه واق واق میکنه کی زورش به کی میرسه. دستم بستس زدی دعا کن با دست باز گیرت نیارم
این توی که باید خدا رو شکر کنی اینجا قانون داره. قانونی که یه قاتلو ول میکنه تا بره یه قتل دیگه انجام بده، که اگه من رضایت بدم دوباره هم ولت میکنن [ریشخند] اگر قانون نداشت کاری باهات میکردم که دیگه آزارت به کسی نرسه. دست من بستس [ریشخند]
the officer said
با توجه به اینکه ولی دم مقتول رضایت نداره، متهم تا زمان برگذاری دادگاه و تعیین حکم قضایی در بازداشت میمونه.
then brought davood to nursery and john said to masoume and nazanin
برای خاکسپاری نیاین. شاید نظرم عوض شد
and he left. nazanin companied davood to nursery. there davood told her their father is alive. he gave her his address. nazanin went to his place alone. that was a ghetto, but nazanin was used to this neighborhoods. in a narrow allay, some guys took her way. she was tough despite her frail look. she had pepper spray and knife. the one that took her way said
به به! چه خانم محترمی! راهتون رو گم کردین؟ این طرفا ندیدمتون
دنبال عباس آقا اومدم
they lost their small instantly when they heard abbas
عباس آقا؟ ما اینجا عباس آقا نداریم. باهاش چی کار داری؟
دخترشم. خواهر داوود. داوود لب تیغه. اومدم ببینم باباش میتونه نجاتش بده
دختر عباس؟ خواهر داوود؟ عباس مگه دختر داره؟ داوود که خواهر نداشت
داوود بهم گفت دم خونه بابا همیشه چنتا بیناموس وایسادن، درازه اسمش رضا شیلنگه ولی خطر نداره سرطان گرفته از مردونگی افتاده. بابام کجاست؟
این محودم شرف رفیقاش به یه ورشه. اون در سفیدس. بزار من برم در بزنم. درو رو غریبه باز نمیکنن.
he went and a bit later returned and didn't closed the door and said
بفرما
nazanin went in. his father was in room, window were open. he was smoking with hookah. there was a woman putting cloths on the rope in yard. there were a boy and a little girl playing with stones. the woman said
تو اون حرومزاده ای که داوود داره براش میره گل دار؟ اون بچه اینقدر سادس که نمیفهمه برای جنده رگ گردنی نمیشن
abbas get angry and yelled
ببند گاله رو ضعیفه
nazanin said
عباس آقا رگ گردنی شد به دختر بی پدر جندش گفتن جنده
داوود چی شده؟
شوهر مادرمو کشته. پسرش از خارج اومده. خیلی آتیشش تنده. داوودم تو کلانتری زد. خیلی سفتو و نروِ حریفش نیستیم. رضایت نده داوود کارش تمومه
sarvar said
پس تلاشتو کردی؟ داوود بدبخت اگه میدونست خواهرش چه جنده ایی
abbas yelled
خغه میشی زن یا پاشم؟
then told nazanin
فقط یه پسر داره؟
آره
میتونی اسم و آدرسشو گیر بیاری؟ عکس، شماره
آره
عکس و آدرسشو بیار برام
باشه
then she left.
in the funeral day, they came and watched the interment from far. mike was tailing them. john also was watching from far. when the relatives went, nazanin and masoume went on the grave to cry. john also came. he said
پدر من همیشه میگفت یه گریه کن سر قبر نداره. نمیدونم الان اون جنازه دو متر زیر زمین براش فرقی داره گریه کن سر قبرش هست یا نه؟ گریه کنش قاتلش شد
masoume said
تو چرا اینجوری شدی یوسف؟ کافر شدی؟ چرا با ما اینجوری صحبت میکنی؟ نمیبینی همه زندگیمونو از دست دادیم و عزاداریم؟
چرا؟ مشکل همینه که نمیفهمین. ولی اگر فکر کنید بلاخره میفهمین. میفهمین که کافر شمایین. شمایید که حق رو انکار میکنید. شما عزادار نیستید. اداشو در میارید. اگر عزادار بودید، به خاطر مرگ پدر من و به خاطر کاری که باهاش کردین، الان دلداریتون میدادم. شما همه منکر و مزورید. برای همین از اینجا رفتم
he then left. nazanin tailed him. mike tailed nazanin and called john and told him. they let she find the address. then she went to abbas's house. mike tailed her but he didn't went in narrow alleys.
john and mike noticed they were being watched by some suspicious hoodlums. john called nazanin and told her he was going to kavir, to see old relatives and graves of his grandparents. he invited her to come with him. nazanin passed his invite and called abbas and told he is going to kavir.
morning, mike came with the car and john put the luggage in trunk and got in the back seat. there was olive oil, rice, tomato paste in luggage. 4 hoodlums followed them in an old car. James and steve tailed them. john said
don't you think they are too noob and naive? maybe we are the naive ones
he gave an i don't know gesture with mouth and hands
anyway, let's go. in the kavir, i will give them a good lesson. i think i can handle them myself. hold back unless i call you.
ok
then they went in the road. they couldn't come fast, their car couldn't came up. john told mike go as fast as you can. they went fast, a few minutes later James called them back. the gang's car went out the way and crashed. they came to see. john said
-don't you think they are too noob and naive? anyway lest's go to kavir and pay a visit to grandparent grave.
they went and paid a visit to the mother of grandmother of john. she was very old but she was active and talkative. she were living in an old house in village. she had some sheep and goats in yard with 2 yeanlings. they were playful. climb to john's head. one of grandsons of grandmother were there, elahe, a young daughter. she didn't knew yahya but he knew her. he had seen her when she was child. she was extremely shy and was melting, specially because of 3 foreigner with long blonde hair and blue eyes. mike instantly fell for her. john noticed. john introduced them to grandmother. grandmother said with a tense accent
این کون نشورا کین ورداشتی آوردی دورت بگردم
اینا یه سری آدم خیّر هستن از اروپا برای کمک اومدن. بهش یاد دادم کونشونو بشورن نگران نباش بی بی. آدمای خوبین. این عروس خانم خوشگل کیه پیشته بی بی؟ الهه ای تو دختر دایی قربون
بله
ماشالله! چقدر بزرگ شدی! آخرین باری که دیدمت هنوز زبون وا نکرده بودی. خدا حفظت کنه که هوای بی بی ما رو داری. ما که اونور دنیاییم و شرمنده بزرگ ترامون
این چه حرفیه عزیزجان! خدا حفظت کنه. تو خوب زندگی کنی اانگا ما خوب زندگی کردیم
الهام جان چند سالته؟
-sixteen
-oo! can you speak english?
-a little. speak is hard. but i understand a little
-very good! what class are you?
-first high school
خیلی عالی! چه رشته ای میخونی؟
تجربی
به به پس انشالله ده سال دیگه یه خانم دکتر تو فامیل هم داریم. البته پرستاری یا داروسازی یا هر رشته ی دیگه هم بخونی هیچ مشکلی نداره. هر چی دوست داری خوبه.
پزشکی سخته قبول بشم ولی خوب سعیمو میکنم
تو تلاشتو بکن اگر دانشگاه آزاد قبول شدی هم اشکال نداره. اگر تو تامین هزینش مشکل داشتی به من بگو، من خداروشکر وضعم خوبه. بهت قرض میدم دکتر که شدی بعدا بهم پس بده. خارج هم خواستی بیای که بهتر. من میتونم کمک کنم پذیرش بگیری. فقط باید حسابی تلاش کنی
ممنون لطف دارین
دیدم دیوار پشت حیاط ریخته. لباس کار دارین بریم درستش کنیم؟
این چه حرفیه جان دلم شما مهمانید. دایی قربون میاد درتش میکنه.
بی بی اینا اومدن یه کاری بکنن. اگر کاری بهشون ندم ازم ناراحت میشن میکن ما برای مهمونی نیومدیم
they had 2 kordi pants. john and mike got them and went and started to repair the wall. john and mike were a scene with kordi pants and underwear t-shirt and handkerchief. elahe was around them to help them and bring if the wanted something, but she has another motivations also. james and steve were playing with goats.
wall was made by mud and bricks. it was fallen. they cleared bricks, made mud with sifting the dirt, and created the wall with bricks and mud. john went to bring dirt with wheelbarrow. when he came back he saw elahe and mike had a chatter with smile. john looked with an extremely angry look and told elahe
غذات ته نگیره
she quickly dropped down her head and went in. mike get frustrated, since he had seen the other side of the john before, and told with stutter
-why you've got so upset?
-here people are sensitive about their relative females, when they feel someone have dirty tendency to defile them.
-[stutter] i was, i mean we was talking. i have no dirty motivation
then john smiled and said
-don't worry. i just reverted to my old days and factory setting. here is the dirt.
they started to sift the dirt and john continued
-she is clean, pure, fresh, virgin
-[with shame] i'm not that dirty. 
-i don't mean it. of course you are not dirty. i'm not befriend with dirty people. i'm just saying she is like sun. it is easy for a young boy like to to fell for her. but [pause] mike, my dear friend, [pause] you are from different worlds. you live in modernity. she live in medieval. she love to be pilgrim of the sacred temple and his husband be a martyr of the crusades and his sone be a knight templar. her religion, her family doesn't allow this relationship. it's not impossible but it is very hard. are you willing to go this way?
-[pause] yes, though i'm not sure i'm ready to become martyr
الا یا ایها الساغی ادر کاس و ناولها که عشق آسان نمود اول ولی افتاد مشکل ها
-what it means?
-thou cupbearer, fill my glass, that love seemed simple but issues came
-will you [pause] help me?
-it's the fundamental of friendship to help friend, but this love is dangerous and may lead to suffering and death. do i should help you bear this burden or help you forbear it? only resolute can survive this journey
-don't scare me.
john stared him with gloomy eyes and told
-it's better to know and be prepared
then they remained silent for a while. then john called elahe
الهه جان! الهه خانوم کجا رفتی؟ یه سر زدن به غذا چقدر طول میکشه؟
then she came and said
جانم؟ فکر کردم تو دست و پا نباشم
ببین یکم نخ و یه وزنه و گونیا لازم داریم
الان میارم
after she brought the things john talked about mike, and also asked about her family and her interests.
then elahe told john
راستی شما چرا همتون سیاه پوشیدین؟
راستش پدرم فوت کرده برای همین اومدم ایران. ولی به بی بی نگو. نمیخوام ناراحت بشه
خدا رحمت کنه! خیلی ناراحت شدم. چرا فوت کردن؟
داستانش طولانیه. یه تصادف بود.
خدا رحمت کنه اصغر آقا رو خیلی ناراحت شدم.
خدا رفتگان شما رو هم بیامرزه
she went in. after a while came back and said
نهار کم کم حاضره البته چیز قابل داری نیست کمه جوشه. خیلی زشت شد یه غذای آبرومند نداشتیم برای مهمونای خارجیتون. دوستاتون کمه جوش میخورن؟
آره از خداشونم هست. ما اینقدر گوشت و چیزای آبرومند به قول شما خوردیم که کمه جوش یه تجربه منحصر به فرده برامون. خیلی هم عالیه. من ده ساله آبدوغ خیار و کمه جوش و استامبولی پولو نخوردم. راستی یکم برنج و روغن و اینا آوردم
-mike please bring the stuff from car and put where elahe says. don't take too long.
then mike and elahe went to bring stuff. mike told her with stutter and shame
-do you like to learn english
-of course. it is very important for doctors to know english
-then i think it is very beneficial to talk to a native to learn english fluently. [pause] i though, perhaps, do you like to have my number and have a talk once in a while?
-that is very [pause to find word] very good. is it not problem for you?
-no, not at all, conversely, i will be glad to help you
then they exchanged contacts and brought stuff in. john finished the wall. mike wanted to go to toilet before lunch. john introduced him the toilet. a small room, ceiling was to mike's shoulder, with an old rag as curtain instead of the door. there was nothing inside except a dimple with a hole in bottom. mike saw it and told
-how to clean myself? no paper, no water?
-no water? hereby i introduce you one of the most nostalgic and important symbols of our culture, the greatest invention of our forefathers, the heritage of kavir! aftabe! the he brought it front and get it up like a medal. after you have done, wash yourself with it so my bibi don't call you kun-nashur, aas-no-washer, wash your ass.
-what about flush?
-that's excatly why this invention is so great. it operates as both the valve and flush. you wash yourself first then flush the remaining water in toilet. but i think you don't need to flush in this rural toilet. it is full automat
-what do you mean?
-you will see. go ahead  
when he came out he said
-i think this hole has no u-pipe and it is straight to the sewers and it is a bit deep, it took about 3 seconds when i heard my drop hit the floor.
-sewer? it is medieval. there is no sewer. well is connected straight to the earth core to burn your drop.
-but they had sewer even in antiquity.
-then this is prehistoric.
-what happens if it breaks and i fell in well? i think i'm a bit bigger than normal.
-if you fell inside you will come up in rapa nui! but stoned like a moai statue! a tale says that every moai statue has one human in its core. also they are complete statues and only their head have came out of the ground! but that's just tales. in reality, my poor uncle fell in, it took 3 days to find the body. it was the stinkiest funeral i have attended [pause] so far!
-:o
-just kidding. what do you think about well? you barely fit in it. it is narrow, as size of a small man. then dig straight 2 or 3 meters. then dig left and right a couple of meters, like an inverse T. it is as small as someone can pass, and it won't break. don't worry.
then they ate kame joosh and said goodbye. elahe came to convoy them. john told her
الهه جان به کسی نگو که من و چنتا خارجی اومدم اینجا. بگو یوسف اومده بود.
چرا
چون بابات اینا فکر میکنن که من مردم. ترجیح میدم زنده بودنم رو یه راز نگه داری. اگر نخواستی دروغ بگی بگو پسر خاله زهرا و همو اصغر اومده بود. اونا خودشون فکر میکنن یوسف بوده
چشم
چشمت بی بلا! خداحافظ
خدا به همراهتون!
in the way back to capital, they saw the accident scene where there were cops and ambulance. he stopped and asked one who was watching
چی شده داداش؟ تصادف شده
آره. یه ماشین از مسیر خارج شده. همشون کشته شدن
ای وای! چه بد! چند نفرن؟
مثل اینکه 4 نفرن
خانوادن؟
نه انگار چهار تا جوون بودن
ای داد. خدا رحمتشون کنه. خدا به پدر مادرشون صبر بده! دم شما گرم!
and they came back.
afternoon ghorban came to the bibi house and saw the wall is repaired! he wondered and came in
سلام مامان! سلام دخترم! اومدم دیوارو درست کنم. دیوارو کی درست کرده؟ کسی اینجا بود؟
پسر دختر عمه زهرا اینجا بود.
یوسف؟ چه طور بی خبر؟ اون که گفتن رفته خارج؟
bibi said
نه یحیی بود.
they hadn't told bibi yahya is executed
elahe said
از خارج اومده بود یه سر بزنه.
and she went and told in his ears
پدرش اصغر آقا تصادف کرده فوت کرده ولی به بی بی نگفت که ناراحت نشه
ghorban wispered
ای بابا خدا رحمت کنه. خیلی آدم خوبی بود
then said loudly
از خارج اومد دیوار باغو چرا درست کرد؟
bibi said
با چنتا دوست خارجیش اومده بود گفت اینا برای کمک به مردم اومدن خیّرن
عجب!
abbas found that the hoodlums are dead. they were apprentice and friends of abbas. then he called nazanin and told the story. he said he is suspicious that yousef had a role in this event. he told her now it is her turn.
tomorrow they had a mourning ceremony in a saloon. john was watching. nazanin came to find john. john went and got in her car, because he was pretending he is yousef and if she stayed there, she would see yousef. john told her to move car to other place. in the way she said
خیلی دردناکه که نمیتونم تو عزاداری اصغر آقا که جای پدرم بود شرکت کنم. ما تو مراسم شرکت نکردیم. امیدوارم سر حرفت بمونی و رضایت بدی
من گفتم شاید رضایت بدم.
چطور میتونی اینقدر مریض باشی؟ تا حالا کسی اینجوری تو بلاتکلیفی نگهت داشته؟
آره خدا. خدا همه رو تو بلاتکلیفی نگه میداره. صبور باش. هرچی میگذره بهرت میشه
منظورت چیه؟
نمیتونم توضیح بدم. باید بگذره تا متوجه بشی. [مکث] دو تا از دوستام از تو خوششون اومده. امشب میای؟
اگه بیام رضایت میدی؟
شاید!
اگه نیام رضایت نمیدی؟
شاید؟
خوب پس چرا بیام؟
میخوای بیا نمیخوای نیا!
بیماری روانی داری؟ از شکنجه کردن لذت میبری؟ میخوای بیام شکنجم کنی
به نظرت خدا بنده هاشو شکنجه میکنه؟
آره. تو هم دنباله رو اونی! یه بنده نظر کرده خدا! یه شکنجه گر
قصد من شکنجه کردن تو نیست. ولی قصدم کمک به تو هم نیست. من اصول خودم رو دارم. من سعی دارم دنیا رو بهتر کنم. تو دنیای بهتر شاید تو هم زندگی بهتری داشته باشی. اگر فکر میکنی شکنجس، به خاطر اینه که علم نداری. مثل اینکه یه جراح رو ببینی و فک کنی داره کسی رو پاره پاره میکنه در حالی که داره درمان میکنه، نجات میده
منو میخوای بفرستی با دو تا خارجی بخوابم تا نجاتم بدی؟
چرا فقط چیزی رو که میخوای میشنوی؟ گفتم که انتخاب با توِ
خوب من نمیرم
یکیشون خیلی ازت خوشش اومده. با اون یکی میری؟ پول خوبی هم بهت میده
اگر میخوای بفهمی من جندم، میتونی بپرسی. آره من جندم. من با کلی آدم تا حالا خوابیدم. هم برای عشق هم برای پول! حالا که چی؟ میخوای ازم فیلم بگیری بری به داوود نشون بدی تا بیاد بیرون اول منو بعد خودشو بکشه؟
من قصد کشتن کسی رو ندارم.
اگه رضایت ندی کشته میشه. جونش دست توِ
جونش رو به خاطر تاوان کاری که کرده از دست میده
میتونی یه جون رو نجات بدی. اگر نجات ندی انگار کشتی
من حیات می بخشم!
پس دیگه چی میخوای؟
تو مرحله اول حقیقت
ما که قبلا همه چیزو بهت گفتیم
همه چیزو؟
آره! همه چیزو! فک میکنی چی بوده که نگفتم
مثلا اینکه میخواستی پدر منو اغوا کنی
she cried like rain and said
اون مرد خوبی بود. مثل مرد رویاهام. عاشقش شدم. عاشقی گناهه؟
همسر مادرتو اغوا کنی، کسی که می گی جای پدرته یا اینکه به دروغ بگی جای پدرته گناه نیست؟
she cried severely.
آره راست میگی. من گناه کارم. من باید مجازات بشم. اشد مجازات مرگ! میشه منو بکشی و داوودو آزاد کنی؟ اون گناهی نداره. گرفتار گناه منه
اینکه زنده بمونی و مرگ عزیزتو ببینی مجازات بهتری نیست؟
آره! تو هم روان سالمی نداری
حالا چی کار میکنی؟ میخوای داوودو بکشی که منو مجازات کنی؟ مطمئن باش قبل اجرای حکمش خودمو میکشم. نه برای اینکه از مجازات فرار کنم. نه. برای اینکه اون شاید زنده بمونه. شاید برای گناه من مجازات نشه. شاید تو بهش رحم کنی
من الان دنبال مجازات نیستم. دنبال حقیقتم. دیروز کجا رفتی؟
پیش بابای داوود. عباس
مگه زندس؟
آره. اعدامی بود. فراریه. پلیس و بقیه فک میکنن مرده. رفته یه جایی یه زندگی جدید شروع کرده. زن و بچه داره و یه باند خلاف. داوود میدونه زندس و من. داوود به من گفت
داوود مگه برادرت نیست؟ مادرتو که مادر اون نیست پس پدر اون باید پدر تو هم باشه دیگه نه؟
تو بچگیم بهم گفت من حرومزادم. میگفت مامانم جندس. میگفت زندان بوده که مامانم حامله شده. معلوم نیست بابام کی هست
مامانت چی میگه؟
میتونی بری از مامانت بپرسی تو هرزه ای مامان؟ میتونی بپرسی من حرومزادم مامان؟ بابام کیه؟
دیروز یه سری منو دنبال میکردن. عباس فرستادشون؟
آره
آدرس منو تو بهش دادی؟
آره
میخواستن چی کار کنن
تهدیدت کنن. گوشمالیت بدن. نمیدونم.
نمیخواستن منو بکشن؟ اگه من بمیرم احتمالا داداشت آزاد میشه
فک نکنم آدم کشی به این آسونی باشه براشون. گیر میوفتن. [مکث] البته از من پرسید تو تنها فرزندی من گفتن آره. اگرم میخواست بکشتت خیلی برام مهم نبود. فقط آزادی داوود برام مهم بود. عباس گفت همشون مردن. تو اونا رو کشتی؟
نه خودشون تصادف کردن. من به کشتن علاقه ندارم. من یحییم! حیات می بخشم
خوب حالا چی کار میکنی؟
بدون هماهنگی من با عباس صحبت نکن
اون خیلی داوودو دوس داره. منم بهش کمک نکنم بازم میاد سراغت. الانم که زخم خورده وحشی تر شده. فک میکنه تو آدماشو کشتی [مکث] میتونیم به پلیس لوش بدیم. [مکث] ولی خوب زن و بچش بی کس میشن
گفتی اعدامیه؟ با اعدامش مشکل نداری؟ پدر داووده. طوری اذیتت کرده که به مرگش راضی هستی؟
حرومزاده بچه که بودم بهم تجاوز میکرد.
حالا گریه نکن. اگر بهت زنگ زد هر چی پرسید جوابشو بده بعدش سریع به من اطلاع بده. شماره من 09101230123 س. نگران نباش. همونطور که بهت گفتم من دنیا رو جای بهتری میکنم. فعلا خداحافظ
then he get off of the car and went and get on on his car, which was tailing them by mike.
tomorrow steve was spying the place where nazanin went. he planed some cameras and was checking them from a end of the street. he noticed the abbas gang and when they where going, abbas followed them. abbas held a meeting in his laboratory in the suburban area. they had collected data about yousef to share. they found he is a normal family man, a civil engineer, an employee. they was talking about their lost friends and the possibility of interference of yousef in the event. they was planing what they can do to rescue davood.
they quickly rented a villa near them. nazanin was also with them. nazanin called abbas and told him she seduced yousef and they are in a villa. she gave him address. abbas told his men
برین اون حرومزاده رو بکشین، جنازشو تو باغچه خاک کنین سرشو برای من بیارین. نازنینم بیارین
they all went there. when they went out, abbas was alone. then power went off. it was dark. suddenly a horrific figure appeared in front of him. a raven with a cowboy hat and a long cloak. his eyes was glowing, had light. he brought his hand from back, had a gun, he shot and abbas went unconscious. after a little, he gained conscious. his hands, feet, head was tightened to chair with plastic strips and his pants were took off. it was dark. raven had sword. abbas said
تو کی هستی؟ چی میخوای از من؟
من کی هستم؟ ماسک مجنون. چی از تو میخوام؟ فعلا در درجه اول اسم و رابطه ی آدماتو میخوام. دقیق تر بگم، میخوام بدونم کدومشون به کدومشون خیانت کرده، دورش زده، بهش زخم زده، و اون خودشون خبر ندارن ولی تو خبر داری
چرا باید اینا رو به تو بگم
واضحه! برای اینکه زنده و سالم روی پای خودت از این در بری بیرون بری پیش مونس، محسن و پری
میدونی اگه زنده از این در برم بیرون پیدات میکنم و کاری باهات میکنم که...
گه خوری رو بزار برای بعد زیاد وقت ندارم.
من وقت دارم
then raven mask brought his hand front, he had a jagged sword. he put it on his shoulder and pulled it. he shouted. the sword teared his skin and meat and reached the bone. then he started to talk
کاظم با خواهر علی رابطه داره. حسن داداش بهروز رو فروخت فرستادش گل دار. جواد خبرچین منه. تا حالا دو سه تا از بچه ها رو فروخته حسابی تنبیهشون کردم. امین، جعفر، مراد
دیگه
علی با مادر بهروز رابطه داره
خوب این خوب بود. چیز دیگه هم هست؟
فک کنم همینا کافیه تا همه رو از هم بپاشی
تعیین اون مساله با منه. خوب فک کن. چیزی رو از قلم ننداختی؟
ممد رفیق کاظم و مراد بود بچه ها لوش دادن زندانه
کی لوش داد
همه میدونن جز کاظم و مراد
then he brought the gun with his left hand and shot him again and he became unconscious.
the abbas men where 10, with cold weapons like sword, axe, big knives, hammer, sledgehammer. one jumped over door of villa and opened it. they went in. then they entered building. door was not locked. they were confident and were not sneaking. all of them went in. someone closed the door from outside. then some gasses get spread in the villa. all of them became unconscious. after they became conscious they saw the a strange figure facing the hearth, abbas was hanging upside down from the roof near him with severed throat. 3 masked men where facing them with automatic rifles. 2 of them where to pull their guns but there were not any guns. but cold weapons were there. they grabbed their weapons and stood. raven mask turned toward them. it was horrifying. there was a rifle beside the hearth. raven grabbed it. said
خوب شما حیوون های وحشی رو این گوساله سر بریده فرستاده تا منو بکشید؟ با شمیر و چاغو و تبر؟ اومدید به جنگ مسلسل؟
they where terrified. one of them said
من فک میکنم اشتباه اومدیم. ما شما رو نمیشناشیم. کاری با شما نداریم. ما دنبال یه نفر هستیم که جون بچه ی رئیسمون تو دستشه. میخواستیم گوشمالیش بدیم
برین اون حرومزاده رو بکشین، جنازشو تو باغچه خاک کنین سرشو برای من بیارین. نازنینم بیارین. اون حرومزاده منظورش من بودم
خوب حالا که اون مرده. ما دیگه کاری با شما نداریم. ما حتی چهره شما رو هم ندیدیم. شما میری خارج ما هم میریم سی خودمون
و منم این لشگرکشی شما با شمشیر و تبر و پتک رو فراموش کنم؟ از موقعی که اومدم اینجا متوجه شدم شما خیلی زود و راحت گناهان خودتون رو میبخشید و فراموش می کنید. مثل اینکه تاوان در قاموس شما نیست
خوب حالا ما چی کار کنیم که شما بزرگی کنی بی خیال ما بشی؟
شما موجودات پست و بی ارزشی هستین. چرا اینقدر تمایل به زنده موندن دارین؟
شما خارجی ها انگار ما رو آدم حساب نمیکنین. مگه ما سوسکیم که به همین راحتی بمیریم.
تاوان گناهانی که انجام دادین اینه که همدیگرو بکشین. کسی که زنده بمونه بخشیده میشه و میره.
they looked each other
چیه؟ تمایلی ندارید که دوستاتونو بکشید؟ دوستان خوب و وفادار؟ جواد آدم وفاداریه البته به عباس، چیزی کش میرفتین لو میداد. علی خیلی پسر خوبیه حسابی هوای مادر بهروز رو داره. کاظم هم حسابی هوای خواهر علی رو داره نمیزاره تنها بمونه. حسن داداش بهروز رو فروخت. ممد رو هم که همتون با هم لو دادین
then they started to hitting each other. gradually the violence increased and soon all were dead, except 2 where severely injured and were dying. ali said
حیوونم اینجوری نمیکشن
منظورت چیه؟ من که کسی رو نکشتم. من که گفتم کسی که زنده بمونه بخشیده میشه و میتونه بره. اگر همدیگرو نمیزدین میتونستین همتون برین بیرون. ولی شما عقل ندارین. انسانی که عقل نداره مثل شیر بدون دندون یا لاکپشت بدون لاک یا خارپشت بدون خار محکوم به فناست
then they died. he grabbed abbas and laid him on the ground. opened the severed throat custom from his neck. then they leaved. after a while abbas waked and saw the slaughtered corpses of his men. then he escaped and went to his home.
tomorrow morning john went to police station and consented to release davood. davood went to abbas's house. he told the story. mahmmod called nazanin.
سلام خواهر قشنگم! کجایی عشقم؟ آزاد شدم. نیومدی دنبالم
سلام! خواهرم دستش بنده داره نهار درست میکنه. میدونم آزاد شدی. خودم رضایت دادم
he startled.
تو پیش خواهر من چی کار میکنی حرومزاده؟ تو مگه خودت ناموس نداری بی شرف؟
بعد اینکه رضایت دادم اومدی بیرون اینجوری ازم تشکر میکنی؟ تو لطف همه رو اینجوری جبران میکنی و از شرف حرف میزنی. نازنین خواهر منم هست
خفه شو کثافت! همه ی رفیقام، پسر عموهام بچه محلامو سلاخی کردی خواهرمو [سکوت] حالا واسه من لفظ قلم حرف میزنی به من درس اخلاق میدی؟ شرف داری بگو کجایی تا بیام باهات تسویه کنم
مثل اینکه یادت رفته اون که بدهکاره اونکه باهاش پدرکشتگی دارم تویی. من باید بیام سراغت باهات تسویه کنم. قانون نمیتونست کاری کنه که تاوان بدی. من میتونم
خیلی گه میخوری
بابات بهت نگفته باهاش چی کار کردم که حالا شیر شدی با من اینجوری صحبت میکنی
بابای من سنی ازش گشته اگه مردی اگه خایه داری من آدرس میدم تو بیا حریف من شو
کِی کجا؟
ظهر بیا قهوه خونه اسد خیابون چاله سیاه
باشه شلوار گشاد بپوش اذیت نشی
then he hanged phone. nazanin said
میخوای چی کار کنی
هنوز نگرانی؟ هنوز باور نداری؟ به دنیای بهتر؟ به زندگی بهتر؟
چرا
noon, john went alone with a motorcycle. davood was in the cafe store with his friends and neighbors, all hoodlums. there was a violence and strong one, yavar. in the entrance of street, he put his raven mask and throw a grenade under a parked when he was riding. behind him grenade exploded and threw car in the street. street was one-way and it get blocked with car. then john shot the store with grande launcher, first was flash bang, second was gas. then he entered the gas and shot the people with net shotgun. one man had a sword and cut the net with it and came to hit the john, john quickly drew his jagged sword and blocked his hit and spined and hit his face with his elbow. he felled on the ground and laid to the counter. davood attacked by a big nife but john hit his face with side of sword and he fell. john went near the counter and said to yavar
اوهیسشیبوری یاور دلاور. چرا زنده ای؟ اعدامی بودی که
تو کی هستی
من اونیم که خرخره رفیقتو جویید.
کدوم رفیقمو؟
تا حالا چند نفرو شنیدی که خرخره کسی رو جویده باشن؟
امکان نداره. تو رو اعدام کردن
با بد کسی در افتادی. اشتباه بزرگی کردی.
then he look around to ensure anyone is not looking. then he took his mask and showed his face to yavar.
اعدام مرگ راحت تری بود برات
after a few seconds of freezing, yavar pulled a knife and cut himself's throat. john stood up and watched his death. then looked toward davood. he was on the floor looking this way. john went and grabbed him from the back of his collar and brought him in the middle of street, where people were gathered and were watching. john pulled knife and cut the back of his pant and took out his pant and said
قدیما به امثال شما ارازل و اوباش و لات و لوت میگفتن جاهل. کسی که عاقل باشه که لات نمیشه. اینهمه هارت و پورت، اینهمه یال و کوپال و عَلم و کوتل. همین بود؟ همش لب و دهن بود؟
then he throw his pants away and take on the motorcycle and went. when he came back, nazanin asked what happened
هیچی. یه کاری باهاش کردم که لات بازی رو کنار بزاره.
یعنی چی کارش کردی؟
هیچی همه رفیقا و بچه محلاشو زدم و وسط چاله سیاه جلو همه شلوارشو درآوردم. اگر خواستی یه سری بهش بزن
چطور میتونم تو روش نگاه کنم؟ اون به خاطر گناه من مجازات شد.
گناه تو بخشیده شد. اون به خاطر گناه خودش مجازات شد.
به هر حال من الان نمیتونم تو چشمای اون نگاه کنم. مطمئنم اونم نمیخواد منو ببینه.
با اون علاقه ای که بین شما بود، فک میکنم خیلی سخت نیست که آشتی کنین
شاید

## resque operation

tomorrow, mike came from his room with a massive smile while the others were eating breakfast. mike said he has no appetite and he want to go out for a walk! john thought he has talked with elahe and maybe want to call her. afternoon, someone called john
یه دختر بچه دهاتی و خوشگل و پاک و دست نخورده پیش ماست ولی اینجا خیلی محیط بهداشتی و استریلی نیست ممکنه دست نخورده نمونه و آلوده بشه. اگر این الهه خانوم رو میخوای دوباره ببینی یک میلیون استرلینگ جور کن دوباره بهت زنگ میزنم میگم کجا بیاری. فقط فس فس نکن عجله کن وقت نیست
the he gave phone to elahe
الو یوسف جان! کمک کن!
she cried and then they hung up the phone. they asked who was it. he said
الهه رو گروگان گرفتن. یه میلیون میخوان. فک می کنم کار عباس باشه. داوود همچین کاری نمیکنه.  خونه عباس کجاس نازنین؟
-they got elahe hostage. they asked for one million. i think it is abbas. i will go with elahe to abbas's house. james and steve cover us from behind. mike stay here.
-stay? i will kill all those motherfuckers.
-be calm please! your carelessness caused this problem. if you come, you will create more problems. i know them and i'm capable to overcome them. nothing will happens. i bring her here. just wait
-at least i can cover from behind
-you will be more of a burden than benefit. stay here.
nazanin said
اجازه بده من تنها برم! من میدونم اون چی میخواد. خودم حلش میکنم. شما از خارج اومدین و باید برگردین. ممکنه دچار مشکل بشین
باشه برو ولی مجهز برو و آمار آدمای اونا رو بده. اگه مشکلی پیش اومد بتونم بیام کمک
باشه
nazanin took a taxi and went to abbas's house! in the way she told john that abbas has a mischievous wife and little boy and girl. john thought that it may be the plan of his wife since abbas was defied and neutralized. when she entered the alley, many hoodlums came and blocked the way. this time they had guns and rifles. they had radio handsets. they wanted to search her body. she said
عباس اینقدر بی ناموس و بی غیرت و بز دل شده که اجازه میده یه مشت ارازل دخترشو تو کوچه بازرسی بدنی کنن! خجالت نکشین اگه میخواین لباسامو در بیارم
دختر خراب شهر مگه ناموس حالیشه! کیه که لخت تو رو ندیده باشه
she spited in his face. abbas told them in radio that let her pass. she went in. she said
اون بچه رو ول کن. من با یوسف صحبت کردم که دیگه دخالت نکنه. من هر کاری بخوای برات میکنم
abbas took her and tied her hands in the room. then called haj akbar, he was a rich man with influence. he came with a luxury car and some guards. their guards remained near the car. he went in the allay. john were watching from far. they called john again
نصف بدهیت صاف شد. هنوز نیم میلیون بدهکاری. آماده کردی؟
آره نقد دارم
بیار چاله سیاه همون قهوه خونه که شر به پا کردی؟
باشه. تا یک ساعت دیگه میارم
john put his maniac mask and pulled a swat SMG and went out. first he killed all of guards of than old man. then he went in allay and killed them one by one. interestingly no bullet sound was heard since he had silencer and hoodlums never saw him but he saw them since he had temperature goggles. after he cleared the way, he went to the house and opened the door with a push and entered quickly. door were old and didn't need much pressure to open abbas was siting with an old gun laid beside him to wall. john pointed him his gun and said
بچه ها برین بیرون تا صداتون نکردم نیاین.
john went near abbas and picked his gun. then he entered the room and saw that old man is touching elahe'body and kissing her. when he noticed someone have came in, he turned and said
تو کی هستی؟
john went near. he went to a corner from fear. he went and put the gun below his chin and shot. his brain and blood spiled on the wall behind him. john drew his knife and cut the ropes. she quickly properer her dresses without looking john directly from shame.
john went near abbas and asked
دخترتو فروختی یا کرایه دادی؟
اون دختر من نیست. حروم زادس! تخم حرومه! خرابه!
چون حروم زادس و خرابه، حق داری بفروشیش یا کرایه بدی به یه پیر مرد؟ تو و زنتو و داوود حلال زاده و تخم حلال و طیب و طاهر و سالمین، این بچه خرابه؟ زن سالمت میدونه این بچه چرا خراب شده؟ میدونه این دختر وقتی بچه بوده فکر میکرده تو باباشی ولی تو بهش تجاوز کردی؟ مطمئنی اون دو تا بچه مال تو هستن؟ یا اگه بهفهمی اونام بچه تو نیستن به اونا تجاوز میکنی؟ [مکس] الهه کجاست؟
خیلی برات مهمه؟ ما که کارمون تمومه تو هم برو تو فاحشه خونه ها دنبال اون بچه بگرد
من برای کشتن نیومدم. من برای دنیای بهتر میجنگم. اگر سالم برگرده پیشم جونتو میبخشم
جون من دیگه ارزشی نداره. من همه چیزو از دست دادم. فقط برام مهمه قبل مرگم شکست تو رو ببینم
اگه جونت برات مهم نیست، جون زن و بچه هات که برات مهمه. من میتونم کارایی کنم ورای تصور تو
then john throw the abbas's rifle and put his rifle on his back and looked his wife. she was staring with a fearsome look.
suddenly abbas drew a big knife from his back and hit john. john blocked it by his forearm and hit his face with fist and grabbed his hand and raised him and hit him to ground with face and took his pants off and grabbed his balls and pulled his knife and cut his balls and get them in his hand and looked his wife and took his mask and gazed her. they had same fearsome look. then he squeezed balls and they melted and gore poured form between the fingers. then he went near the wife and leaned his head and said with a silent voice
میگی الهه کجاست یا برم از ته ختنش کنم؟
it seems they understand their look. she went and put her veil on the abbas's ass. then said
دنبالم من بیا
دستم تخمی شد.
he sat on the edge of pool and opened the valve of pool that was beside it and took the hose that was conneted to it and washed his hand, his glove indeed in the track of pool. they went out. kids came in and ask what happened. john said
باباییتونو ختنه کردم چند وقت باید دامن بپوشه
then he told to nazanin's ear 
برو پیش بچه ها
then they went out of alley and went down some blocks and turned to another alley. then they entered a scary and abandoned large workshop. they went downstairs in the underground. it was big. in the end of the hall there was a room like a powerhouse. then suddenly they noticed someone from behind. john returned and saw james. he had a swat SMG with silencer. he said
-3 men from upper floor ambushed, neutralized. they are done. 2 females in that room. seems unarmed.
-stay
there were another sound from back. steve came
-there were 2 armed men came form outside , neutralized.
-return immediately
-yes
then john quickly went in powerhouse. there was elahe, tightened to seat and a addicted female was talking to her. they scared to death facing the raven mask. he quickly took his mask and said
منم الهه جان نترس
she started crying. he quickly opened her and hugged her not that tight and asked
اذیتت کردن؟
نه. فقط منو آوردن اینجا بستن و ترسوندن. کاری باهام نداشتن
the addicted woman said
آقا به خدا کاری باهاش نداشتیم. بی ناموس که نیستیم. خودم حواسم بهش بود کسی دست بهش نزنه
بی ناموس نیستین دختر مردمو دزدیدین آوردین اینجا؟ واقعا شما امت عجیبی هستین
john said
نترس اگر کاری باهات کردن بگو کارشون تمومه.
نمیترسم کاری باهام نداشتن
he returned and saw moones with her gaze and said
جراتشو نداشتن
then grabbed elahe and went went out. they called mike and told him she is rescued and mike talked with her. they experienced the happiest conversation of their life.
john returned with motorcycle. nazanin and elahe came with james and steve. nazanin in car said
الهه جان اینا فارسی نمیفهمن. اگر چیزی میخوای بگی به من بگو.
نه طوری نشده. کاریم نداشتن
مطمئن باش. به کسی نمیگم. [مکث] من قبلا بهم تجاوز شده. تنها چیزی که میتونست کمک کنه این بود که با یکی در میون بزارم. یکی که درکم کنه. یکی که قوی باشه و بتونه انتقام بگیره. یکی که منو مجرم و ناپاک تلقی نکنه.
then elahe hugged her and said
قول میدم این رازو پیش خودم نگه دارم.
then they held hands. they talked a lot in the way and became friends.
when they arrived, mike was in the street in front of house and he jumped and hugged her when she took off from car and nazanin said
هو! بغل و بوس و اینا بعد عقد
mike asked elahe 
-what she said
and john said
-its not kingdom. we don't hug girls in public. especially underaged ones.
they were joking.
night, nazanin asked john to brought her abroad. john said for sure. tomorrow she went and requested passport. few days later they went to kingdom. nazanin got a job in an asian made cafe. she was hardworking, learning their language and working.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
# Raven mask

after a while, john received an email to introduce himself immediately at an address after his work hour. the email was from intelligence service, and the address was the ministry of intelligence. it was a short email without any description. Yahya went there. they where waiting for him. secretary leaded john to a meeting room. 3 men where there and greeted john and they introduced themselves. one was the vice minister of the intelligence secretary, Robert Radcliff. one was the vide minister of foreign affair and last one was the vice minister of defense. Mr. Radcliff said
-Mr. john freeman, former Yahya Radmard, this meeting must remain secret for 48 hours. you should not talk about it to anyone? ok?
-ok
-we are invading middle earth, in 48 hours. most of operations will be air attacks but we need a ground attack at last to finish the regime. the problem is that the public is not willing to lose soldier lives in the war. so we prefer to use opposition force to finish the war. but currently opposition forces don't have a competent leader. we think you can lead the militia in the last stage of attack. of course we support you with air force and information systems. you only must invade in the underground shelters and bunkers and also hospital and public places where their heads have sheltered. do you participate in this operation?
john quickly answered
-yes. I'm willing to participate in this operation. but I'm a man of intellect, not a man of battlefield.
-but you had a wonderful invasion, one man army
-I'm pretty sure that you have get what i mean
-so you probably know as well that we don't send you to battlefield immediately. first we will have a compact training session
-as expected. when we start
-tomorrow morning. you need to get a week off from work. the operation must remain secret, so be natural.
-I'm not a cunning and a good liar person, but i will try my best. I will do what you want, even more.
-see you tomorrow here. you don't need to bring anything. bring you mobile phone. you need to be accessible and natural.
-ok
then john leaved the meeting. he was exited and a bit anxious.
from tomorrow he got trained to use high tech instruments and operation communications. the training was about 22 days during the bombardment of the air force. they killed the supreme leader and many of the officials of regime. the day 23 ground operation began. their airborne operation started at the uptown and they started to invade government reinforcements. there were a lot of religious army fighting for regime.
john was fighting with raven mask, cowboy hat, an assault rifle and a katana and army khaki uniform and gloves and army boots. they quickly advanced under heavy fire with air attack supports. they had some decoys of john, so they wore a similar body from regime casualties the matching dress of john. then they retreated for a regroup. when regime soldiers found the decoy, they brought it to the broadcast center. they announced that maniac is dead and showed the body. then john invaded quickly to the broadcast facility since they had a GPS transmitter in decoy. when the female narrator where reading the news of death of maniac, she suddenly saw the maniac, she feared to death and wanted to scape but her limb didn't helped, and she was not that fit either. maniac with a bare sword came and in and took the female hijab and pulled it and threw it and said
من مُردَم؟ خدا و پیامبر و کتاب آسمونیتون نگفته دروغ گفتن گناهه؟
[am i died? doesn't your god and prophet and holy book have said that lying is sin?]
ببرینش
[take her]
then put katana on the table and took his rifle and put it on the table in front of him and sat in front of camera and tied his hands on the table and said
این برنامه مناسب کودکان و سالمندان و حتی خانم ها نیست. لطفا تلویزیون رو خاموش کنید یا کانال رو عوض کنید اگر شجاعت کافی برای دیدن و شنیدن حقیقت رو ندارید
-this show is not suitable for children, elderly people and women. please turn off tv or change channel if you are not brave enough to watch and hear the truth.
امروز بت بزرگ شکست، فرسوده و پوسیده بود و با یک تلنگر فروریخت و خرید شد. گل به زمین بازگشت، به جای که از آن آمده و به آن تعلق دارد. حکومت انکار و فریب، تزویر و دروغ امروز سقوط کرد
-today the great idol broke. it was very worn and decayed, and crumbled and disintegrated with a tiny flick, the clay came back to earth where it came from and were belonged to. the state of denial, deceit, hypocrisy, lie is fallen.
then with a silent voice said
همانطور که در متون کهن آمده مسیح معدوم ظهور کرد و رحمت و مغفرت را برای گناه کاران ارزانی داشت
-the crucified messiah resurrected and brought salvation for the sinners and took their burden, as the prophecy said.
and with the load voice continued
امروز روز فتح و غلبه بود ولی من امروز رو جشن نمیگیرم و خوشحال نیستم. چون بهای گزافی برای بدست آوردن این پیروزی پرداخت شده. شاید بیش از آنچه که می ارزید. و البته نبرد هنوز تمام نشده. بت بزرگ خیلی ها رو با خودش پایین خواهد کشید. من زندگی رو تکریم میکنم ولی جان های زیادی رو گرفته ام و خواهم گرفت  تا فرصت زندگی رو برای بازمانگان فراهم کنم. فرصت یک زندگی بهتر، یک زندگی که ارزش زیستن داشته باشه. درخواست من از شما این است که صلح کنید و زندگی و آزادی را تکریم کنید. همه مشمول عفو عمومی هستند
-today is the day of conquest. but I'm not celebrating it. I'm not happy. because a heavy price for this victory is paid. maybe more than what it costs. and it is not over yet. that massive idol will take many lives with it to the deeps. I praise life but I took many lives and will take many lives, to give the opportunity of life to survivors, a good life, a life worth living. here now requisition. please join the peace and praise the life and freedom. all of people are compiled to amnesty!
then he called
بیارینش
-brought her
and the soldiers brought the female announcer naked with only underwear, and he said
انسان لباس میشپوشه چون زیباتره، چون از بدن محافظت میکنه، چون نشانه تمدنه. بربرها برهنه هستند. انسان مدرن نیاز به پیامبر نداره که اینو بفهمه
-human wear cloths because it's better, it's beautiful, it protects the body, it's the symbol of civilization. barbarians are naked. modern human doesn't need a prophet to hear these from him.
and then he gave her a beautiful dress to wear, and she immediately wore them, and then he said
بسیار زیبا. تمام مردم دنیا اینطور لباس میپوشن. لازم نیست کفن سیاه بپوشی. هیچ مردی در دنیا نیست که با دیدن موی سر تو تحریک بشه اگر دلیلت برای پشوندنش اینه و البته موی سر زشت نیست که نیاز باشه بپوشونیشون
-beautiful! all people around the world dress like this. no man in the world arise seeing your head hair if it's your concern for covering it, and it is not unsightly to be covered.
then he took his sword and rifle and stood up and take the sit for announcer and when she sat, he said
حالا به دروغ پردازی و یاوه سرایی هات با ظاهری مناسب تر ادامه بده.
-now continue you lies and babbles with a better appearance
then they left the studio quickly and then female announcer also escaped from frame. meanwhile there were a lot of regime soldiers and supporters invading broadcast facilities. maniac mask have told their soldiers and knew this would happen. so they went out to massacre them. the destination was the holy shrine that was downtown so they needed to go down the main street straight. also they called for air support and as he knew they refused to participate and commanded john to halt the operation. but his plan was something else. so they opened fire to public, men, women, children. it was a great bloodshed. hours and hours passed. rounds and rounds of bullets. but they were prepared. john's soldiers were losing their spirit, but by looking the john's resolute, they regain their strength. gradually john noticed some of them are reluctant to continue and john thanks them and ask them to stop and told them this is a burden and sacrifice that he must take itself. gradually there left no one and john was killing all regime supporters himself. gradually they get killed or escaped and there were no alive person, john on top the mountain of dead bodies. john find himself in front of holy shrine where was the place regime supporters was dispatching from. central command head called john
-you went too far
-I told you that I will do what you want, even more. don't pretend that you didn't want this. it's just more than your expectations. I'm used to be taken lowly, and I'm used to go beyond expectations. now sit and watch the last scene.
then he entered the holy shrine. there were one man. president. he was an old friend of the supreme leader. he was a doctor, and a moderate man, but religious. he cried and begged to john to spare the holy shrine. 
به به! ببین کی اینجاست! مثل اینکه واقعا صاحب این حرم مستجاب الدعوه است! کاش از خدا یه چیز دیگه میخواستم جای این میکروب
اینجا چی کار داری آدم کش پست فطرت؟
آدم کش پست فطرت؟ جالبه که آدما معمولا صفات خودشونو به دیگران نسبت میدن. اومدم بت خانه رو خراب کنم
john planed explosives and ignored that old man. when he got done, he told the president
به مقدسات بی حرمتی نکت کافر. همونطور که گفتی صاحب این حرم مستجاب الدعوه است کمرتو میشکنه
مقدسات؟ من مقدسات تو رو رو سنگ کاسه توالت خونم نوشتم هر روز بهشون میرینم و میشاشم.
خدا توبه پذیره. هر کاری که کردی طلب بخشش کن به آبروی صاحب این حرم بخشیده میشه.
john paused and fell his head and said with a silent voice
خدا منو ببخشه؟ منم که باید خدا رو ببخشم به خاطر چیزی که ازم گرفت و حتی خودش هم نمیتونه اونو بهم برگردونه. اونه که باید به التماس کنه معبدشو نابود نکنم.
خیلی ها گنده تر از تو تمام تلاششونو کردن خدا رو نابود کنن. تا حالا این حرم رو چندبار خراب کردن ولی ما هر دفعه بزرگتر از قبل ساختنش
then paused and took his head straight up and yelled
برو بیرون! اینجا به زودی منفجر میشه
من همینجا پیش مولام میمونم
then john drew katana and put it on his neck and said
اگر اینقدر از زندگی متنفر و مشتاق مرگی میتونم چند دقیقه زودتر به آرزوت برسونمت. میتونم سر از تنت جدا کنم، مثل بت بزرگ، مثل یه گاو
-if you despise life and are willing to die  this much, I can grant you wish a couple of minutes sooner and behead you, like the great idol, like a cow
شهادت مرگ نیست. زندگی در جوار خداست. خدا لعنتت کنه! از من کاری بر نمیاد. فقط خودش میتونه تو رو به سزای اعمالت برسونه
-dying in the way of god is not death. is living in the god's realm. God damn you! I can do anything. only god can punish you himself
then john brought back the katana and hit it to the president's head by its side and he felt unconscious and john pick him like a potato bag on his shoulder and brought him out and when cam out, turned back and pushed remote button and watched the collapse of the holy shrine. there support soldiers came and picked the president and john. cent-com general came and said
-thank you general. you have done a great job. we have arranged your transferring to the capital.
john had a meaningful pause and bent his head and said
-shitsure!!! how rude! I determine who go where when!
the cent-com general was surprised and remain silent. then asked
-yes sir! then what's your command
john was walking away, then he turned back and said
-I'm almost finished. just one thing needs to be done. call me when president were ok and could walk. quarantine this place.
night, john had a talk and thanked all soldiers for their bravery. also he said the operation will complete tomorrow. then he went to his room. intelligence minister came to his room with a sad look and shameful looking ground, said
-you've gone too far. we are all done. we can't escape this scandal
-look at me general. for a moment, put all thing aside, the congress, the media, the public opinion. just make yourself judge, make yourself the god [pause] and judge yourself, [pause] judge me. [pause] do we do the wrong? [pause] do you do wrong? [pause] I will take the burden. you and me, we knew them, deeply. what we could do? [pause] what was the options? [pause] how long we could prolong it? postpone it? 
after a deep breath and swiveling the eyes, he finally said
-now what do you are to do?
-just one thing. please clean the debris and make holy shrine ground flat. then bring the president and ministers and parliamentarians there tomorrow, with shovel and pick. also bring their family.
-what do you are up to?
-just an exhumation and autopsy. god is dead. [pause] I just want to know why and who's the culprit.
-that will explode the scandal. but I'm not a fickle friend. see you tomorrow morning.
and he went out. tomorrow was a cloudy day. there were many of the regime remaining, including president and ministers and some of the parliamentarians, with their families. there were john special squad and a lot of soldiers of kingdom. john picked a pick and went to president and told him
بکن محمود بکن
-dig masud, dig
he shouted
ملعون! بی خدا! از خدا بترس! به مقدسات اهانت نکن بی شرف!
-damned! godless! fear god. don't disdain the holy you dishonored! 
یه بی خدا چطور از خدا بترسه؟ عقلتو از دست دادی یا مثل همیشه یاوه میگی؟ تو شرف داشتی که جوونا و دخترا و بچه ها رو کشتی؟ من به خاطر خراب کردن بت خانه بی شرفم؟ برای خراب کردن یه ساختمان قدیمی فرسوده؟
-telling godless to fear god? are you crazy, or telling nonsense as always? did you have honor when you killed youngsters and girls and children? do am I dishonored for destroying the idol shrine? an old obsolete building?
تو زن و بچه نکشتی بی شرف؟
-didn't you have killed women and children?
چاره ی دیگه ای بود؟ میشد با شما حرف زد؟ میشد با شما توافق کرد؟ تو حق حیات برای یه بی خدا قائلی؟ برای یه همجنسباز؟ نه محمود شما تغییر ناپذیرین. شما شستشوی مغزی میکنید! خدا روی چشم و گوش و مغز شما پرده کشیده، شما نه میشنوید نه میبینید نه میفهمید. بکن محمود بکن
-where there another option? can we talk with you? can we make an agreement with you? do you respect the right to live for a renegade, for a gay? no mahmood, you are immutable. god have covered your ears and eyes and brain. you don't hear, see, understand. dig mahmood, dig.
he started digging. they dug the ground several meters for hours, mahmood was at the center, with ministers around and the last ring were parliamentarians. occasionally john was yelling
بکن محمود بکن
-dig masud, dig
mahmood became weary and stopped digging and laid in the pit and covered his head with his hand like wiping his forehead, but it was not sunny and warm. it seems he was shamed or crying. john said
ناامید نشو محمود بکن! خسته نشو! خستگی تو از کندن نیست. کمر تو زیر بار حمل جنازه اون تردست که یه عمره روی دوشت حملش میکنی خم شده. امروز تو این چاله خاکش میکنی و راحت میشی. فقط باید یکم عمیق تر بکنی تا جنازه بزرگش جا بشه. الله اکبر. بکن محمود بکن.
-don't despair mahmood. don't become weary. your weariness in not from digging. you are weary and humpback because of carrying the juggler's corpse on you shoulder for your entire life. today you'll bury him in this pit and you become free. you only need to dig deeper to fit his great corpse. god is greater. dig mahmood, dig.
اینجا چیزی نیست.
-there is nothing here
باور نکن یه عمر یه امت سر قبری گریه کردن که مرده توش نبوده. بکن محمود بکن. یکم استراحت کن یه بربری بخور بعد بکن! تا مرکز زمین هم شده باید بکنی. حتی تا رسیدن به پای بت های بزرگ
-don't believe a nation were mourning over an empty grave for an entire life! dig mahmood, dig. rest a bit, eat a bread, then dig. dig to the center of the earth, even to the feet of great idols.
اون جنازه ای که دنبالشی 1500 ساله زیر خاکه. چیزی ازش نمونده! من دکترم قبول کن از من. نهایتا چنتا استخون پوسیده که دست بزنی پودر میشه. جنازه رو میخوای چی کار؟
تو دکتری؟ گاو پیش تو پروفوسوره! [مکث] وقتی بچه بودم مامانم میگفت جنازه آدمای مقدس نمیپوسه و سالم میمونه! میخوام جنازه رو در بیاری بزارم کونش. بکن محمود بکن
mahmood started to digging savagely, suddenly with on strike, a hole opened and a massive light appeared. it was like a sun glowing in the spot that mahmood hit. all people feared except john. he turned his eyes and saw the perplexity in everyone even his squad soldiers. while mahmood was running with fear, john walked to the pit. after a while light faded. dirt around the hole sank in the hold. in the middle there were a shining body with white dress. it seemed all of his body was shining, and his face was very shiny since it was open. he had an arabic dress and headscarf in a glass coffin. john went near. mahmood turned back and shouted
بیشتر از این بی حرمتی نکن به مقدسات ملعون! عذاب خدا نازل میشه
suddenly a massive thunder make all eyes blind and soon its dreadful sound deafen all. but john was not superstitious. he knew that today will be rainy with thunderstorm. he went to the glass coffin and opened it and investigated the body. he touched it and then suddenly picked it from the neck with one hand. then brought it to mahmood who was sitting on the ground with a completely perplexed face. the throw it on him and he took it with care and john shouted
مقدسات تو این بود؟ بزار شلوارشو در بیارم بزارم کونش
then he pulled the doll's dress up and said
این که تمبون نداره محمود! راستس کون نداره محمود. خایه هم نداره محمود. پشت و جلوش یکیه! مگه دکتر نیستی محمود؟ یه چک کن ببین کونش کجاس!
the other where around in a distance of several meters. john suddenly draw his katana and mahmood jumped back and john stroke the idol, beheaded it and then opened its belly. it was full of sand. the john's squad and reporters ran near and john yelled
مقدساتت این عروسک خیمه شب بازی بود؟ سوختن منیزم نور خدا بود؟ فسفرسانس نور ایمان روی چهره مومن بود؟
he suddenly became angry and hit mahmood's head with the side of katana and shouted
چرا خفه شدی محمود؟ [مکث] دو تا بند به این کیسه ببند کوله پشتی درست کن هر جا میری اینم به دوش بکش
mahmood turned his face from shame and started crying and hugged the doll and covered his face in its bosom. just like a child, punished, crying, hugging its doll. john heavily breathed several time. after a pause, he had the longest and deepest breath. then he held his head down from a straight pose and put his katana in cover and said
-moo ii
and he went out. air was dense. everyone was looking down. mahmood was crying embracing the head of the idol. heavens start crying too. john went to the car and picked his umbrella. no one asked him where are he going. he went down, behind the shire was the great cemetery. he went to where Abd-Al-Rahman was living. he didn't find him. the grave was filled. he then went to his grave. suddenly he noticed the name on the grave stone. Yahya Radmard. he wondered. under then name it was written
اینجا بنده ی خدای رحمن آرمیده
نعمتی از جانب خداوند
که به سوی او بازگشت
از مرگ اون غمگین نشوید
او طاقت دیدن مرگ عزیزش را نداشت
خوشا به سعادت کسی که به عذای یار ننشیند
the date of death was the execution day. yahya was perplexed. he quickly ran to the gravedigger who was digging it the next field. he picked his shovel and pick. gravedigger was surprised and feared from the sward and mask and said nothing. john removed the gravestone and pu it aside and started digging. after a while he reached the gravestones. he removed it and say a corpse in cerement. he was feared and sad. he picked the head and opened the cerement. it was rotten. but after gazing for a while he knew who is this, mostly from hair and beard. it was Abd-Al-Rahman. he said
سلام عبدالرحمن! [مکث] چی شده عبدالرحمن! [مکث] چرا اینجایی؟ [مکث] مگه نگفتی تو عاشق مرگ نیستی. [مکث] مگه نگفتی خوار شمارنده زندگی نیستی؟ [مکث] نکنه تو هم مثل باقی این مومنان راستشو نگفتی؟ [مکث] تو که آدم خوبی بودی. [مکث] مگه لقب بت شما صادق نیست؟ [مکث] پس چرا شما همه کذابید؟
then he closed the cerement carefully and put his head on the ground like he is an alive person and put the gravestone back and came up and filled the grave and put the gravestone back and sat on the edge of the channel beside the graves. then he heard
و این هوای ابری و بارونی سیگار میچسبه ها! البته من نمیدونم سیگاریا اینطور میگن. میکشی یه نخ بهت بدم؟
اوهیسشیبوری! اگر میتونستی چیزی بهم بدی یا کاری برام بکنی خیلی خوب بود ولی تو فقط حرف زدن بلدی
و البته فکر کردن و یادآوری. اینا خیلی هم بی ارزش نیستن. [مکث] با ماسک میتونی سیگار بکشی؟ راستی چرا اصلا ماسک میزنی؟ [مکث] چون خیلی زشت و کریهی و نمیخوای کسی زشت ترین انسان رو ببینه؟ یا اینکه میخوای اشکاتو نبینن؟ مرد که گریه نمیکنه نه؟ زیر چونه و گلوت خونیه. زخمی شدی یا خون گریه کردی؟
مگه آدما از قدیم برای مرده ها گریه و عزاداری نمیکنن؟
برای مرده ها چرا ولی نه برای کسایی که میکشن نه برای کشته های دشمن
من با کسی دشمن نیستم
پس چرا از کشته پشته ساختی؟ پس چرا لب جوی خون نشستیم؟
اونا مشتاق مرگ بودن. اونا مرگ رو آغاز زندگی بعدی میدونن. اینجوری هم اونا به خواستشون رسیدن هم بقیه. حالا بقیه میتونن به زندگی دنیوی خودشون ادامه بدن.
نمی دونم کی بیشتر دیوانس تو یا اونا؟
یه روز یه زن به شوهرش زنگ زد گفت مواظب باش تو اوتوبان یه دیوونه داره برعکس میره. شوهرش گفت اینجا همه دارن برعکس میرن. دیوانه منم! برای همین ماسکشو میزنم!
آره خوب اگر عاقل بودی وصال معشوقتو اینقدر به تعویق نمینداختی
-[yes of course, if you were sane, you wouldn't postpone your joining with your love this much]
-am I worthy now? for death, someone must be worthy, not ready, not prepared. I'm not great enough to die. still I'm not mature yet, I'm not ripe yet.
عجله ای نیست. یه عمر فرصت هست برای مرگ-
-once they were to kill me, to pick me, but I was not ripe yet. life sentence is my retribution for my heresy. this curse will raise when I believe. then I can go and meet my creator, my love, my salvation.
-then why you don't believe already?
-because I'm maniac, as you see. I'm not smart enough to understand the god, the beyond of this dimensions. i'm stuck.
-I'm sure someday you will become liberated.
that day, john came back to kingdom with a plane

## zabih allah

there were no trace from elahe for months. before they live iran, they went to the desert village. yahya were shamed. he couldn't face bibi, ebrahim, even elahe. they were believers and he had destroyed the temple. no one knew who is Raven mask. but he still were shamed and felt guilty. he went to bibi's house first. but no one opened the door. then he went to ebrahim's house. he said
خدا رحمت کنه پدر و مادرتو! مادرم بی بی چند ماه پیش دق کرد و مرد
دق کرد؟ برای چی دق کرد؟
دخترم الهه که مرد، بی بی خیلی بهش وابسته بود. الهه بیشتر از خونه خودمون خونه بی بی بود.
چه اتفاقی افتاد؟
دیگه عمرش به دنیا نبود. با این بلایی که سرمون نازل شده ما هم مرده بودیم بهتر بود! ای کاش مرده بودیم و این روزا رو نمیدیدیم
من پارسال الهه رو دیدم! حالش کاملا خوب بود. میخواست پزشکی بخونه! حتی قرار شد اگر درسش خوب باشه من هزینه تحصیلشو بدم بیاد غرب اونجا دکترا بگیره
شب خوابید. صبح بیدار نشد دخترم! چی بگم!
حقیقتو بگو! آدم اینطور نیست شب بخوابه صبح پاشه
چرا اینقدر اصرار داری بدونی چی شد؟ میخوای بدونی چی شد مرد؟ تو کشتیش! هواییش کردی! ما نمیخواستیم دخترمون بره خارج بره غرب! بره لخت بشه مثل اون بی ناموسا و بی دینا زندگی کنه! وقتی بهش گفتم حق نداره بره شب یه مشت قرص خورد! ما هم دکتر و بیمارستان نزدیکمون نیست. تا بریم شهر، دخترم از دست رفت! حالا هم که رفته ول نمیکنی؟ برو همون غرب کثافت زندگیتو بکن بزار ما هم به غم خودمون بمیریم!
شما مگه به خدا اعتقاد ندارین؟ مگه خدا نگفته بنده آزاده و اختیار داره که خوب یا بد رو انتخاب کنه؟ مگه هر مرده ای رو تو گور خودش نمیزارن؟ اگه اون انتخابش این بوده که بره خارج شما به چه حقی منعش کردین؟
به چه حقی؟ به همین حق که نمیخوایم یکی مثل تو بشه! مگه بچه اگه خواست کافر بشه بی دین و ایمون بشه باید بهش اجازه داد؟ جواب خدا رو چطور بدیم؟
مگه خدا از کسی میپرسه که بچت چرا کافر شد؟
تو به بی آبرویی و بی ناموسی عادت کردی تو غرب! اینجا ما نمیتونیم سرمون بین مردم بالا بگیریم اگر بچمون یکی مثل تو باشه
خوب پس همینو بگو! بگو ما بنده خلقیم نه بنده خدا! خدا هم اگر اجازه بده ما باید از خلق اجازه بگیریم
خلق خدا اینجا همه با ایمانن! چیزی جر حرف خدا نمیگن و نمیخوان
خوب پس خلق خدا نمیخواستن الهه بره غرب و شما هم بهش گفتی حق نداره بره
خودتو به اون راه نزن یوسف! تو اون خارجی ها رو آوردی اینجا این بچه رو هوایی کردی! اگر فقط میخواست بره درس بخونه برگرده به مردم خدمت کنه حرفی نبود ولی میخواست بره با یه کافر ازدواج کنه. تو اجازه میدی دخترت با یه کافر ازدواج کنه تو غربت؟
دختر من بنده خداست! بنده من نیست که من تعیین کنم چی کار میتونه بکنه چی کار نمیتونه بکنه! من هنوز به مقام خدایی نرسیدم!
کفر میگی یوسف! برای همینه که ما نمیخوایم بچمون بره غرب! تو هم دیگه اینجا نیا! کافر نجسه
then john leaved with anger! he went to visit his other relatives. he went for a short visit to ask about bibi and elahe. one said elahe have executed herself. one said she had a stroke! one said she had a fiancee who were a good guy but when they knew that elahe had a relation with a foreigner and wanted to go abroad, ebrahim have became disgraceful and shameful. when he saw the contradiction in their stories he called nazanin.
سلام نازنین
سلام یحیی! چه گرد و خاکی بلند کردی! کل جهانو مه گرفت!
نازنین!
چیه؟ چیزی شده؟ چرا ناراحتی؟
بی بی مرده!
خدا رحمتش کنه!
دق کرده!
دق کرده؟
از غم نوش!
نوش؟ کدوم نوش؟
الهه!
her tears flowed instantly
الهه مرده؟ چرا؟
نمیدونم! ولی میخوام بفهمم! تو آخرین بار کی باهاش حرف زدی؟
چند ماه پیش! چرا؟ چی شده؟ مگه بهت نگفتن چی شده!
بهم چرت و پرت میگن! میگن سکته کرده خودکشی کرده! به نظرت مریض بود یا افسرده بود؟ به تو چیزی گفت؟
افسرده؟ مریض؟ یه عاشق؟ اون عاشق زندگی بود! عاشق مایک بود! پر انرژی بود! با انگیزه بود!
she remained silent for a while
برادر داشته؟ یا مثلا پسرعمویی که خاطر خواهش باشه؟ یا نامزد؟
آره! انگار نامزد داشته
خبر دار شده بودن میخواد بره خارج یا با یکی در تماسه
آره
حرومزاده ها کشتنش!
he remained silent a bit
من به زودی برمیگردم! فعلا
نزار خونش هدر بره! انتقامشو بگیر!
خداحافظ
یحیی! کم آدم نکشتی! اخبار قتل عامت دنیا رو پر کرده! به من نگو من یحییام من زندگی می بخشم! اگر تو نکشیشون من و مایک و جیمز و استیو میایم انتقام خون الهه رو میگیریم
he stared her for a moment and then disconnected.
he went outside of village were mike were waiting for him to bring elahe if he could. he came alone. mike said
-could you find her?
-no
-no? why? where is she?
-mike! my bibi have died!
-oh! sorry man! i'm sure it is hard for elahe too! she loved bibi
-bibi died because of love and grief for elahe!
-grief? what are you saying john? what are you saying?
he looked him with teary eyes.
mike got off from car and sat on the dirt. then kneeled and put his forehead on the dirt and cried. then fell by his side and hugged his knees. john called central command and asked his squad to come for an operation.
-we have to clear a rural area. they are not heavily armed
-what's the matter john? is it personal?
-personal? public? does it matter in this state? there is a murder case in this are! is there any rule, any order, any state, any authority that bring justice?
-ok! i will send them immediately!
in one hour his troops arrived with 2 helicopters. it was strange for villagers since it was a far village in the desert. john coordinated the operation. they quickly surrounded the village and gathered all people in the area for religious rituals. raven mask came.they didn't knew who he is. he said
یک نفر در این روستا مرده! علتش مرگش مشخص نیست. امروز اینجا جمع شدیم که حقیقت مشخص بشه! الهه بیهقی! چه اتفاقی برای الهه افتاد؟ چطور مرد؟ کسی که میدونه بیاد جواب منو بده!
he walked and looked at them. no one told a thing!
کی میدونه چه بلایی سر اون دختر اومد؟ هرکی میدونه بایسته!
ebrahim stood! raven mask shouted
فقط تو میدونی؟ هیچکس دیگه نمیدونه اون چطور مرد؟ مادرش، برادر، خواهر، نامزد، مرده شور. هرکی میدونه باسته
one young man stood and said
تو کی هستی؟ به تو چه ربطی داره که چه بلایی سر الهه اومد؟ اون خودش کس و کار و خون خواه داشت! کسی از تو نخواست که خون خواه اون باشی
raven mask yelled
بیا جلو
he came near. raven amsk asked
تو کی هستی؟
من نامزدش بودم. اسمم مرتضی است
مرتضی! الهه چطور مرد؟
he brought his ear near morteza to hear
خودشو کشت!
چرا؟
میخواست بره خارج! هوایی شده بود! دیوونه شده بود
چطور خودشو کشت؟
خودشو خفه کرد! خودشو دار زد!
کجا دار زد؟
he thought a bit and said
به درخت! تو حیاط
raven called one of his men and said. take him out of sight. don't let him call anyone or talk with anyone. then he yelled
پدرش بیاد اینجا
he came near
الهه چطور مرد؟
بچم خودشو کشت!
چطوری؟
قرص خورد!
raven mask yelled
مادرش بیاد
then told father
همینجا بمون! رو تو برنگردون! صداتم در نیاد!
he said to one of his men
-he shouldn't turn back or say anything
mother came near. raven mask said
الهه چطور مرد؟
بچم خودشو از بین برد!
she cried and sat on the ground and covered her face with her scarf. raven mask sat and said
چطور خودشو کشت؟
قرص خورد. صبح بیدار نشد!
raven mask became angry! he stood and shouted
بلند شین! میریم قبرستون! من جنازه مقدساتتونو از خاک کشیدم بیرون! جسد باید نبش قبر بشه تا حقیقت مشخص بشه! شما امت حرومزاده با حقیقت بی گانه اید
morteza yelled
من کشتمش! حقیقت اینه! نمیخواستم بره!
father said
دروغ میگه! من کشتمش!
others, his uncles, cousins, and others one by one said
من کشتمش! منم مشارکت کردم
raven mask shouted
همتون خفه شید! من که گفتم شما مومنین حروم زاده با حقیقت بی گانه اید! فکر میکنید به رسم سابق اگر همتون جرم رو گردن بگیرید، من ولتون میکنم! من حیات رو از این روستا محو میکنم طوری که هیچ کس نفهمه یه روزی اینجا آدم زندگی میکرده! شما خیلی شجاعید و از مرگ نمیترسید و همتون سر به دارانید! ولی روی ناموستون زادی حساسید. من از زن و دخترا شروع میکنم
-bring young girls here
they went to bring young girls near! elahe's father yelled with tears
من کشتمش بی ناموس! من کشتمش! ول کن این مردمو! من شب روسریشو دور گردنش پیپوندم و خفش کردم! کار من بود!
he felt on the ground and were wailing loudly! also the mother were wailing! morteza said
خوب حالا حقیقتو فهمیدی بی شرف! حالا میخوای چی کار کنی؟ این پیر مردو بکشی؟ بی حرمتی به دین بس نبود حالا میخوای ما رو بی آبرو هم بکنی؟
raven mask said
شما دین دارین؟ آبرو دارین؟ حیوون هم بچشو نمیکشه! اون بچه رو کشتین چون میخواست بره خارج؟ با یه خارجی ازدواج کنه؟ با یه کافر؟ حجابشو ور داره؟ همتون از قاتل حمایت میکنید؟ همتون فکر میکنید کار درستو کرد؟ شما هم جای اون بودید همین کارو میکردین؟ حاضرید بمیرین ولی کسی به دخترون دست نزنه! در عین حال حاضرین دخترونو بکشید ولی بی آبرو نشید؟ آمار خودکشی دخترا تو این مملکت بالاست. پس میکشیدشون و میگید خودکشی کردن! خدا بهت گفت بچتو ذبح کنی ابراهیم؟ اگر فرمان خدا رو اجرا کردی چرا انکار میکنی؟ چرا حقیقتو نمیگی! سرتو بالا بگیر و به خودت افتخار کن که یه بنده نظر مخلصی! دخترتو در راه دین خفه کردی! خدا حفظت کنه!
he thought for a while then shouted
-operation completed! we go back to capital!
they quickly came back to helicopters and went. mike didn't say anything. he was stealing his look from john all the way.

when he came back and met nazanin, she said
چی فهمیدی یحیی؟ چرا کشته بودنش؟
چرا کشته بودنش؟ هیچکس ندونه تو خوب میدونی چرا کشتنش!
کی کشته بودش؟
باباش!
خوب چی کارش کردی؟
میخواستی چی کارش کنم؟ پدری که دخترشو کشته مجازاتش چیه؟ [مکث] تمومش کن نازنین! اون بچه مرده! من تمام روستا رو جمع کردم شرفشونو به به باد دادم!
شرفشون؟ چی داری میگی یحیی؟ یعنی حتی یکشونم نکشتی؟ [پوزخند] با اون برنامه ای که تو پایتخت اجرا کردی فک کردم یه قهرمانی! پس همش فیلم بود؟ همش لب و دهن بود؟
نازنین! گذشته رو رها کن! من و تو خدا نیستیم که تعیین کنیم مردم چطور زندگی کنن! من اگر همه ی اون روستا رو قتل عام میکردم دیگه کسی قتل ناموسی نمیکرد؟ زمان خداس! همه چیزو درست میکنه!
خوب پس اصلا چرا به خودت زحمت دادی بری اونجا سیب زمینی پشندی؟ زمان همه چیزو درست میکرد!

## World Council (WC)

after the great massacre of middle earth capital, there where a committee to investigate the human rights and war crime. after long sessions of speeches and investigations, the pressure on intelligence minister and cent-com general went up. john was out of ring but he asked them to have a talk and enlighten the event. so they arranged a speech for john. the they comes and john came on stage with the maniac mask. he said with his silent voice like always 
-Salam! [pause] I'm maniac mask, the sole accountable of what have done. some may think that i have brought to the event by intelligence minister or cent-com general or some other firms. but that's the opposite. i brought them with me and used them to achieve my purpose. now i'm here to clarify the events and why i killed more than ten thousands people including women and children in one they and why it is not war crime, it's the opposite. but first a i have a point. a great man from you realm said:
then he read the part 8 of Ubermensch part in section 4 in thus spoke zarathustra. then he continued
-what you really want is not human salvation, but is to look like you praise human salvation. I'm quick to discern it since i lived my entire life between hypocrites and liars and you are like them, unfortunately. sometimes people say a lie so seriously that they start to believe it themselves. the truth is you don't care about their lives, or more precisely, our lives, since i was part of them my whole time. you never cared. you should have empathy to understand that the massacre was not a war crime. listen carefully. when one of soldiers dies, you become sad, you grief, you mourn. but they are different. they celebrate and congratulate their death. they believe if someone dies in they way of god, he will not be dead and live with the god. that's clearly described in the holy book.
و لا تحسبن الذین قتلوا فی سبیل الله امواتا بل احیاء عند ربهم یرزقون
-there were two parties in the middle earth war. one party wanted a earthy life and praised life, and the others wanted a heavenly life and praised after-life. I granted their wish and sent them to their god, to heaven, to the afterlife they yearned. that was a win-win situation. everyone earn what it wanted. both parties are happy, meanwhile you have held one thousand sessions to find the criminal. a court without accuser...
suddenly one believer leaved his sit and yelled
-you dirty maniac murderer have killed thousands of people and say they wished to get slaughtered, you bastard.
-I don't want dehumanize my enemy, but something's wrong with them. they really don't behave as normal human expects...
again before he completes his sentence
-you crazy apostate mass-murderer animal consider yourself human and we believer non-human.
then he shouted at others
-you gonna sit and listen to this psychic massacrer to justify his wrongdoing. he insults you and yet you are sitting looking down.
-sir, accused has right to talk and defend himself and ...
-shut up bastard! you are not accused. you are culprit and i would kill you now if i had a gun
-who has gun and kill is me. i you don't take your sit now, i will shoot your head
-then shoot me you motherfucker! god's bosom is open and that way these idiots will know you animal
while he was talking john pulled his gun from his holder under the jacket and aimed his head and when he finished his talk he closed his eyes and john shot his head and fell down and screamed. all people wondered and perplexed and many stood up half or complete to see the slain. he was saying prayers
اشهد ان لا اله الا الله. و لا تحسبن الذین قتلوا فی سبیل الله امواتا بل احیاء عند ربهم یرزقون. و نرید ان نمن علی الذین الستضعفوا فی الارض و نجعلهم ائمتا و نجعلهم الوارثین
while he was praying and they where wondering why he doesn't die, the john continued
-now you see what i told you. the most basic human rights and behaviors are not recognised by them. they don't let us talk. they think the right is who has loader voice. and finally they willingly die to defend their beliefs and defeat their enemy.
then the muslim touched his forehead and found that he is not injured and it is color, then he stood and found his pants is wet, john took his head down, his cowboy hat covered his eyes. his dual was laying to the wall behind with hands in pocket. then he took out his hands and clapped and gazed to john and said
-sasuga oobaka-sama!
خوب ریدی بهش! حقش بود! خوب پیرمرد احمق رو تحقیر کردی! سرتو بالا بگیر پهلوون! منصور! مظفر! فتاح! رادمرد!
then he spited behind john while he was leaving the stage.

________
# Animal
--------
moones knew that maniac mask is yousef. when davood came to visit them, she said
میدونی اون روانی کیه؟
نه. هیچکس نمیدونه
یوسفه. پسر اصغر
یوسف؟
he smiled first, but thought a bit and then smile vanished
از کجا میدونی؟
she looked with her scary face
تو برای انتقام میری یا خودم چادر چاقچور کنم برم سراغش. نمیتونیم همینطوری ولش کنیم. همی چیمونو ازمون گرفت. شرفمونو، ناموسمونو. ناموستو ورداشته برده. نمیخوای پسش بگیری؟
اون [مکث] ...
نمیتونی بهش فحش بدی نه؟ اون هرکاری هم که بکنه هر جا که بره ناموسته. برو پیداش میکنی. برو اون یوسف حرومزاده رو پیدا کن و ناموستو ازش پس بگیر
نمیدونم چطور مطمئنی که اون خودشه؟
she bended her head
تو برو پیداش کن اگه خودش نبود برو خوش بگذرون من خرج سفرتو میدم. فقط اگه خودش بود یه چیزیشو میخوام برام بیاری
چی رو؟
تخماشو
میخوای تخماشو ببرم بزارم تو چمدون بیارم برات؟
نه سوراخ کن بنداز گردنت! بچسبون بقل تخمات چهار تخم بیا! هر کاری میکنی فقط تخماشو بیار برام
he looked her with a frustrated face. he thought how maniac she is.
he went to kingdom to find maniac. there were no clue who he is and were he live. he rented a small electric motorcycle to move cheaply. he went to their embassy and asked if they knew him. they said if they knew who he is, then they would kill him immediately. they told him to check the religious groups. he checked them but there were no clue. after a couple of days he got frustrated and thought to come back. suddenly he watched he watched a live tv program showing the maniac mask talking in the Council. he quickly went to Council hall with a delivery guy look. he went to the back door, he thought maniac don't come out from the front door. but he was watching live news in mobile to be sure. as he thought john came out from abck door with several men. he found him quickly since he was tall. he tailed him to his house. he found his address. tomorrow morning he came and waited. john with a motorcycle came out. he became sure. he went to weapon market to buy a gun. stores told him he can't buy gun without permission. when he came out, someone in the other side of street signed him. he secretly took a picture from him. he said he can give him gun for 2000 sterling. davood bought gun and went to hotel. midnight, he came to the john's house. he found the door ajar. he sneaked in. john said
سلام داوود! شما که اهل ناموس هستین میاین تو یه یاالله نمیگین؟ شاید نامحرم روسری سرش نبود. اون زن بابای مریضت تو رو انداخته جلو فرستادتت منو بکشی که دلش خنک شه؟ حتما بهت گفته تخمامم ببُری براش ببَری!
خواهر من کجاست؟
خونشون
خونش کجاست؟
نمیتونم آدرس یه دختر تنها رو به یه لات بی سر و پا مث تو بدم
فکر میکردی یه روزی بیام سراغت تا تقاص همه ی خونایی رو که ریختی ازت بگیرم؟
آره درم باز گذاشته بودم
چه زود شکست رو پذیرفتی. فک میکردم مغرور تر از اونی که شکست رو بپذیری
شکست؟ از تو؟ غرور؟ نه داوود! تو نمیتونی منو شکست بدی. شکست یا پیروزی من دست تو یا کس دیگه ای نیست. [مکث] یه نگاهی به دور و برت بنداز. تا حالا خونه ی به این زیبایی دیدی؟ شهر به این قشنگی و تمیزی؟ ماشینا رو نگاه کن! بوگاتی، فراری، آستون مارتین. همه ی ماشینا رو آنلاک کردم. داوود من همه ی آیتم های بازی رو آنلاک کردم. این بازی واسه من تموم شدس. تو چطور زندگی کردی؟ کجا زندگی کردی؟ تو چاله سیاه؟ تو میتونی منو شکست بدی؟ من از مرگ نمیترسم تو میتونی منو بکشی ولی نمیتونی ترس و پشیمونی و التماسو موقع مرگ تو چشام ببینی
خودتو مستحق قصاص میدونی؟
تو برای احقاق حق اومدی اینجا داوود؟ یا برای ارضای شهوت انتقام؟ من کیو کشتم که میخوای قصاصم کنی؟
من به نفرو کشتم. تو اونهمه آدم کشتی میگی کیو کشتی؟
یاور روی من شمشیر کشید ولی با انی حال خودش خودشو کشت. آدمای بابات خودشون همدیگرو کشتن. آدمای زن بابات مسلح جلوی ما وایساده بودن و ناموس ما رو گروگان گرفته بودن. داوود! کی آدم کشته؟ کی باید قصاص بشه؟
منو گرفته بودن. داشتن اعدامم میکردن چرا رضایت دادی؟
برای اینکه نمیخوام آدم بکشم. من حیات میبخشم من یحییم
چرا اون کارو با بابام کردی؟ با خواهر من چی کار کردی؟ چرا آوردیش اینجا؟ اینجا جای مناسبی برای یه دختر تنهاس؟
تو با خواهرت چی کار کردی؟ فک میکنی اونجا زندگیش با شما بهتر بود؟ تخمای باباتو بریدم چون به خواهرت، به بچش تجاوز کرده چون بچه خودش نبوده و زنش بهش خیانت کرده؟ تو فهمیدی؟ بهت گفت؟ ازت کمک خواست؟ حالا فک میکنی اونجا زندگی بهتره؟ اینجا بی ناموسن اونجا خوبن؟ داوود تو خیییلی به درد نخوری!
davood brought gun down and also his head.
به تو گفت؟ از تو کمک خواست؟
نه به من نگفت ولی فهمیدنش خیلی سخت نبود
باباش کیه؟
عموت
he laughed
پس لو رفتن و مرگش...
he started walking toward door
کجا داری میری داوود؟
میرم بیرون. نمیخوام خونت کثیف بشه
john followed him. when he went out said
آره راست میگی اینجا قشنگه تمیزه. هوا بهرته. آب بهتره. مردم بهترن. ایکاش اینجا زندگی میکردم.
میتونی اینجا زندگی کنی.
من خیلی گناه کردم. گناه من خیلی بزرگتر از یه قتله. باید مجازات بشم
حتما لازم نیست مجازات بشی. میتونی درخواست عفو کنی
فکر اینکه چطور زندگی کردم و بابام کی بوده و با خواهرم چی کار کرده، فکر اون دو نفری رو که کشتم، فقط یه گلوله میتونه از شرم بیرون کنه
then he put gun on his temple and pulled the trigger. gun shot and he dropped his hand and gun, and kneeled and sat.
چرا نمیمیرم؟
قاچاقچی اسلحه آشنای منه. بهش گفتم گلوله مشقی بهت بده.
راست میگی یحیی. من خییییلی به درد نخورم. چرا این کارو با من میکنی؟
چی کار؟ فرصت زندگی دوباره رو میگی؟
من مستحق مرگم.
مرگ تو کشته ها رو زنده نمیکنه. اگر کسی رو کشتی جبرانش اینه که کسی رو زنده کنی، به کسی حیات ببخشی!
پاشو داوود. پاشو بیا تو یه بستی بخوریم. اینجا بستنیاشم بهتره. اولین بستنی زندگی دومت. بهتر از هر بستنی که تا حالا خوردی! هاگن دازه! تولدت مبارک!
then they went in and ate ice cream. haagen dazs. davood said
بریم نازنینو ببینیم؟
از نیمه شبم گذشته. فردا صبح میریم
tomorrow they went to see nazanin. she was in the asian town, wearing a maid outfit carrying a sign with an asian writing saying something to pedestrians. davood asked with misery and sorrow
اون چی کار میکنه؟ رو تابلو چی نوشته؟
معلوم نیست؟ داره دنبال مشتری میگرده
مشتری؟ چه مشتری یی؟ مشتری چی؟
مشتری دیگه. داوود، عاشق چیزای خوب و دلخواه بودن طبیعیه. اما عاشق چیزی یا کسی شدن که ازش بدت میاد، هنر انبیاست. میدونی سنت جوزف زندگیشو وقف خدا کرد وقتی که یه جزامی رو در آغوش گرفت؟ تو میتونی یه جزامی رو بغل کنی؟ لباس کوتاه پوشیده؟ مردا رو اغوا میکنه؟ کار بدی میکنه؟ میخوای بری بزنی تو گوشش؟ یا حتی بکشیش؟ هر کاری خواستی باهاش بکن. فقط اول میتونی بغلش کنی؟ خواهر کوچولوتو؟ یا میخوای برگردیم؟
he thought and gazed her for a while with wet eyes. then went toward her. she got perplexed and froze when she saw him. she scared to got hit and took guard. davood hugged her tightly and squeezed her and said
سلام خواهر قشنگ و نازنینم! دلم برات تنگ شده بود. یادی از داداش قدیمت نمیکنی! جدیده خیلی بهتره قبول دارم. ولی خوب ما رو دور ننداز
تو اینجا چیکار میکنی؟ چطوری منو پیدا کردی؟
یحیی منو آورد اینجا. اونجاس تو ماشینه. اومده بودم بکشمش. ولی اون منو کشت. حالا یه داوود جدید اومده.
her boss comes to check with fear. asked
-do you know him nazi-chan?
-yes he is my brother from middle earth.
-then why you don't invite him in?
رئیسم میگن که بفرمایید داخل
نه من اینجور جاها تا حالا نرفتم بریم یکم قدم بزنیم
بیا تو خیلی خوبه! کلی دختر جذاب اینجا هست! البته من از همه جذاب ترن! بیشتر مشتریا برای دیدن من میان اینجا
he was exploding from anger and fear and jealousy. she grabbed his hand and pulled him inside. he was shaking to the bone! when he went inside saw a cafe restaurant with some cute girl with fancy maid dress!
اینجا چیه؟
اینجا کافه پیشخدمته
یعنی چی؟
یعنی یه سری دختر خوشگل با لباسای بامزه به مهمونا خدمت میدن
چه جور خدمتی؟
she laughed
فکر چیز خاص و عجیبی نکن. سفارش میگیرن و تحویل میدن. فقط با مهمون ها مثل ارباب صحبت میکنن و خودشونو یکم لوس میکنن.  فقط نباید کسی رو لمس کنی و مورد آزار جنسی قرار بدی
من اون یحیی رو به خاطر این کارش میکشم! دیوث جون به لبم کرد! استاد ایجاد سوء تفاهمه
خوب میخوای بگم یکی از بچه ها بیاد؟ یا خودم سفارش بگیرم ازت؟
کی بهتر از تو! کی خوشگل تر از تو کی ناز تر و لوس تر از تو؟
then she stood and said
-itterashaimasen koshujin sama? goshumin wa nan desu ka? keki tabetai? sore domo نohi? soredomo nazichan?
ببخشید من یه ذره حواسم پرت یه دختر خوشگلی که شما باشین شد نفهمیدم چی گفتین؟
چی میخوری؟
نمیدونم. یه قهوه با یه کیک خوبه؟
چشم ارباب! اطاعت امر
she went and brought coffee and cake for both. all the time davood was staring her and she also looked secretly sometimes.
یحیی میدونه اینجا چه جور جاییه؟
میدونه؟ اینجا مال اونه! این نوع کافه تو شرق متداوله ولی اینجا نه. یحیی چون شرق رو خیلی دوس داره این کافه رو اینجا باز کرده. [مکث] ندیدی مدیر چقدر باهام مهربونه؟ من سوگولی اربابم
ای بی شرف
خوب پس فک کردی اینجا خبریه و منم
she got a tantrum
خوب آخه ظاهر اینجا غلط اندازه دیگه. تو چاله سیاه که از اینجا نداریم ما.
he daydream of a store, inside there is full of smoke, you can see barely half a meter from glasses. you go in and hardly find one empty spot. 3 big strong delinquents with long beards and black shirts are smoking hookah, then he sits and one rugged old man bring him hookah, and smoke fills everywhere.
به چی داری فک میکنی؟
هیچی! [مکث] خیلی دلم برات تنگ شده بود. همه چی ردیفه؟
آره خیلی خوبه. یکم باید زیاد کار کنم و درسم باید بخونم ولی خوبه. [مکث] تو اینجا میمونی؟ [مکث] پیش من؟
من [مکث] خیلی دوس دارم بمونم [مکث] ولی کاری از دستم بر نمیاد. سواد درست و حسای هم ندارم. زبونشونم نمیفهمم
اینا که اشکال نداره. منم زبان بلد نبودم. منم کاری بلد نبودم. یاد میگیری. کارم زیاده. تو که مکانیکی بلدی. اینجا مکانیکا خیلی پول در میارن. پس میمونی؟
مزاحمت نباشم؟ سربارت نباشم؟
سایه ی بالای سرمی
that day, davood applied for residence with the help of john. night he stayed at the nazanin's place. nazanin gave him wine, and told him
میدونی که من و تو نه مادرمون یکیه نه پدرمون
آره [مکث] ولی تو خواهر کوچولوی منی، خواهر تنی
she ringed her arms around him and kissed his lips and said
پس تو خیلی برادر بدی هستی که به خواهرت نظر داری
چی کار کنم که خواهرم خوشگل تریم دختر دنیاس؟ نمیتونم ببینم با کس دیگه ایه
خوب پس سفت بغلت نگهش دار
and they had an intercourse and slept together.

_____________
# Red balloon
-------------
john was driving with his motorcycle in a green and street, no one in the view, he noticed a balloon in the sky, coming toward him, seemed to contain a box in it which its shadow was observable through sun light. john looked around, no one and no home, it was park and garden. he went near and draw his gun and shot the ballon carefully to not hit the box. box fell and john rode slowly and grabbed the box. it was an expensive handheld device. he said by himself such a catch. a bit ahead there was an intersection. he stopped at the red light. a redhead teenager girl with freckles, blue eyes, a classic fluffy blouse, skirt, black glossy shoes, white sucks, fancy hair style, a fromal look for a ceremony like wedding, came besides the john's bike who was beside the sode walk, while breathing heavily because of run, with a angry tantrum and serious voice said
-that's for the bride.
-that was for the bride. that idiot man lost it to the wind.
-but thanks to your help, it came back again.
-i earned it. now its mine why should i give it to you?
-because that's ours. we paid for it. we have receipt if you want to see.
he smalled and said
-you beautiful lady don't seem lair. all are beautiful when smile, but not all are beautiful when they put a tantrum. beautiful tantrum is rare. oh my good, you have heterochromia! wonderful. I have never seen such a pretty girl so far. a freckly redhead heterochromatic with a tantrum!
she got shy and looked down and her tantrum weakened but continued
-you can't deceive me with these complements. i'm not a child. i know i'm ugly and i won't give up that to you.
a young boy came to see where is she and when found her, stayed there and watched. john noticed him
-they're worry, waiting for you. what's your name
-that's not related to you, [pause] i'm felicity
-beautiful name, it looks on you. you try to act strict but you're kind. kindness is more effective than strictness. I will give it to you but you must hear me. first you must promise me that be careful! arguing with an armed motorcyclist is not bravery, it's idiocy. i can't bear to see a pretty existence like you have become victim of an accident in the news. secondly promise me when you see yourself in the mirror, say such a beautiful and lovely person!
she got sentimental and wanted to cry and said
-ok
-now i will give it to you because you earned it. its yours. it's good to help people but it's better they take responsibility of their actions. one final promise
-what it is? that's a lot!
she said with smile
-ohh! your tantrum is beautiful but your smile is way beyond beautiful
she got shy and melted
-hold our conversation secret!
-yes!
-goodbye!
-goodbye!
light was green and he rode and she looked him for a while and then went. then she went to the boy who was waiting. he was her cousin. she aske him with coquetry and flirting
-oh my dear cousin, did you get worry for your beautiful cousin?
-all of my cousins are shit-face like you
her smile quickly turned to a furious face and slapped him hardly, then quickly turned back to coquetry mode and asked
-what did you said peter? am i the most beautiful girl in family? look carefully
-now that i look carefully i noticed you are ugliest girl i've seen
she lost her smile and said
-so i think your eyes has a problem. if you see precisely you will see the beauty of world!
he get confused. they turned back to ceremony. he stared her during walking then said
-no matter how precisely i look, i see nothing except ugliness. but it's ok, i'm ugly too. we should accept the reality. there is nothing we can do about it. do that man told you you are beautiful? maybe he was a pervert pedophile seducing you
she get angry and stopped and turned to him and was to slapping him but she controlled himself, paused for a while and said
-you are beautiful peter. when you watch yourself in the mirror, see a beautiful person!
when he heard this, he get get confused at first and thought she is mocking him, but when thought more, he found she is serious.
-you are the first one that say i'm beautiful.

___________
# Interview
-----------
one day when john was in the city center, noon, it was cloudy and crowded, he mounted on the motorcycle and was to start, suddenly he heard gun shot from an upper square. people started to escape, john turned and quickly went in the opposite direction and saw some terrorist firing cowd with automatic rifles. there where 4, 4 side of square. the on on the near side was changing the magazine where john pulled revolver and shot him in head. the front one turn his head and saw john and his dead comrade. before he can turn toward john and shoot, john got close to him and shot him during riding. then turned to whom was across the street. hit him from behind with a couple of shots. the last one noticed the silence and get covered. john saw him and went toward him and jumped of the bikeand ran toward back of him. he shooted the bike, john approached him form behind and put his gun on his head and said hands up
-who you are? you are not police. you are him, antichrist! look around! they are dead because they sheltered you. that's the divine retribution for people who accept the antichrist. here's the end of antichrist.
john was looking around to check if there is someone else.
-it's like more the end of you
-you are done. if you kill me here, a surrender enemy, you become finished. if you don't kill me i will tell all that this massacre is because of you. then either they kick your ass or put you in custody.
-they are not lowly people, unlike you. also i can easily tease you to attack and then kill you, you know. it's just as easy as telling you that your prophet was an illegitimate baby. he got angry and returned and throw a fist but john jumped and his face with forehead. he felled with bloody nose, and john said
-hah! see? do you have raed my book?
-book? you animal have written a book?
-if you watch from outside, you will clearly see that the animal behavior is yours.
after a while john invited to a tv show. he went. there was 2 chairs in 2 side and one sofa in the middle. right of the scene was for the narrator, paul kepler. in the middle there was a famous young singer girl, aura. john came in from the left. he didn't went near. paul said
-it seems you don't like handshake, like you don't like to get touched
-what people don't touch is shit. i'm just more of a hug guy but i think you despise more than to be able to hug me.
-i can hug you in place of him.
he nodded. aura went near and hugged him. they smiled
-do you know me
-of course! you are the craziest, i mean the cutest celebrity in island
she laughed.
paul said
-welcome to our show. many people contacted us to invite you, were willing to hear your voice. it seems you are very popular.
-i think they are here for aura.
-it took a lot of effort to convince you accept the invite. why you didn't like to come to this show?
-to be honest the image i have created from myself in public is not that interesting. perhaps i could show a new image from myself to public but the appearing in the public itself was extremely hard. you know, when i see the footage of my behaviour from outside, it's not a scene. albeit it's not like i've regret doing so, i just prefer there was not any footage remaining.
-but you have saved many lives in this town. for many people you are a here
-you say this hypothetically. and it's ok. you are the narrator, you are not supposed to say your true personal feelings
-why you think so?
-i don't think so. i know it. it seems you couldn't sleep well recently and i think it is related to my invitation?
-how you could tell?
-it's not that hard. normally you don't have this much fluff. it's a sign of lack of sleep.
then he laughed and said
-it seems i'm not even correcting my image but also worsening it. it's completely normal if you fear from me
aura said
-but i don't fear you at all. i think you are an interesting person
-that's because you are crazy! you know, a sane person fear from me.  did you felt he is nervous and suggested to present in this show?
-to be honest, yes, but i was talk to you in person. i felt you are not the same as your image, and now i see i was right
-I'm way worse?
they laughed
-paul i understand that you don't approve killing, but why you scare from me?
-do you have you gun with you?
-yes of course
-and you have killed many people. why i shouldn't fear?
-a police or soldier always has gun and may have killed many people. do you fear them too?
-no
-so why you scare from me? because i don't have uniform or i'm not employed? do you think i wander and kill people whimsically or casually?
-no. but, for example if i say something and make you angry...
-what? do you think i kill people if i get angry? i'm sorry that i have made this images in people's minds. i use my gun to make a better world, better life, to save lives, not to take lives.
-I understand but killing to save lives, fighting for peace, is not a contradiction?
-that's a way of thinking that is dominant and popular these days in modern states, but i'm afraid that it's completely wrong and impractical and you will face its consequences. what happened in this town was an obvious example. how you could handle that without killing, without violence?
-i think this events can be prevented by controlling the gun possession and immigration regulations?
-one of them was born here. also there is always guns or explosives. a murderer can kill with knife, brick, even bare hand.
-but it is less fatal. i understand your point but i think you believe in violence and think it is inevitable, and you try to justify and rationalize it.
-i think violence is necessary to some extend in current age. i can imagine a world, an era without violence but we are not close to it.
-there is a book about life and human, GODIM. it's popular nowadays. it talks about how people can live a good life. it's writer's name is identical to yours, john freeman. have you read it?
-i've wrote it
he wondered and got confused
-what do you mean? you have written it to memorize it?
-I mean I'm the writer.
he and audiences got confused
-i'm confused. the book were initially released in git. experts guess that the writer is a programmer
-so i am.
-you've written a book about life and peace and yet you kill people?
-I think you don't remember the book carefully, or maybe you unconscious has filtered the parts that you don't like and are not aligned with your beliefs.
-what parts?
-there are some people that their behaviour is like plague. they are anti-life. if you let them grow and propagate their beliefs they can cause death. just like the terrorists i killed here.
-in the case of middle earth, you have fought an entire country, a religion, a nation. there is a book called "wisdom of the crowd". it tells a large number of people typically know the truth and the right answer. it is not that probable that you alone know better than an entire nation, in my opinion
-you are right, [pause] to some extent. that book is a great book and one the books i've ever read. but there is a problem with that book. the writer is a journalist and well-informed, but he is not a data scientist, or an information theory specialist. you said i probably don't know better than a nation
-right
-that was an interesting phrase. i doesn't mean that i certainly don't know better than a nation. it mean i also probably know better than a nation, it is less probable, but not impossible
-right
-i wanted to write a book about idiocy of the crowd. there is a section title idiocy in my book
-yes, i remember
-for inference we need information and intelligence to be able to infer. what crowd possess is the all information, and information is additive or collective, so crowd can aggregate information.
-yes. it's correct
-but when it comes to inference and intelligence, crowd is not anything like smart or genius, since intelligence is not additive or collective. so you can't trust their inference and intelligence. once they prayed a golden calf as god, and manytimes they repeated it, with a normal calf. so crowd is as smart as aura
they laughed.
-i hope you don't get is serious aura, i'm joking
-i know
-so you know that the crowd can't be this low in intelligence
they laughed again
-do you follow up our discussion
-somehow
he looked him with doubt
-not really
-it's ok. don't burn your last couple of brain cells remained. i will describe for you later
-so you promised me to meet again, in person?
-aaaa! it's a great pleasure to meet you, but i'm leaving this country
-to where?
-to a very far island. from the far west, to the far east
-why? do you fear now for your disguise is risen? I thought of you as a fearless man!
-bing fearless is a mental condition and soon will lead to death. i fear like others, i just don't let the fear become dominant, i don't live led by fear. i think whatever i do, i can't erase what i have done from memorize, and whatever i do to justify it, it can't clean its ugliness.
one believer came to the middle aisle and shouted
-wherever you go, one believer will find you and kill you
john pulled his gun and said
-for now i will kill you if you don't shot up and go away
some of audiences pulled their guns and looked him. he scared and went out. john said
-it seems your fans are all neo-euzi. you are a gang leader in disguise.
she laughed and said
-i said they are your fans, not mine. i know my fans.
-but i thin it is normal for strong and masculine guys to fall for a frail and feminine, and of course pretty girl like you.
-and crazy!!! are you implying that you are fell for me?
-can a gentleman can say no if a girl asks this? specially a pretty one?
-you are good to screwing answers!
-so do you like to unfurl your flag? with these strong armed fans and this weak peaceful state, you can easily capture the capital 
paul said
-I fill guilty and i shame myself
-why? because you thought I'm a ruthless heartless uneducated idiot maniac murderer? you were right, to some extent.
-it seems you are good in reading mind too
-you know, if you focus on human you can understand them better. I like psychology. people dislike it or fear from it since it help predict people.
-I hope you don't try to promote the peace via war, and don't follow the path of eugenic zionist fuhrer with this much followers.
-recently i see many people talk about fuhrer, either fanatics or haters, but one big problem of them is that most of them don't know him and what he wished. now we are evolved. we don't repeat mistakes. there will be no more world war, it will be world peace.
people stood and applauded. john and aura hugged each other longer and tighter and then paul came and hugged john. then they went.

_________________
# yakuza conquest 
-----------------
john wanted to go to sunland. he asked nazanin and davood. they were ok, since they already were living in asian town. mike, james, steve, liked to be with john. john told mike it is better for elahe to immigrate to sunland, since its culture is more like their culture. they planed to open a restaurant in sunland. they went and opened it. it was not bad. they could manage it.
one day john was talking to some investors to invest on a game and A.I. startup in sunland. he was in the dippest part of restaurant, toward the wall on the counter was laptop on an stand. he could see behind him from laptop webcam and reflection of screen. behind him there were 2 yakuza members. when nazanin went to get the order with that moe style, one said you must pay taxes to yakuza, for the prepayment he said they can take her. one grabbed her and pulled her and touched her hip. john said to others please wait a bit. then he grabbed one from his collar and raised him and hit him to the ground with face, then pulled his magnum before the other pull his gun. he quickly tried to snatch the john's gun but john him his face with a fist and grabbed him and also hit mi to floor beside his friend. then put back his gun in sheath and grabbed his knife and cut the back of their pants and belts and took of their pants.t then took his weapons and grabbed each with one hand and throw them in street. one said
-omae wa moo shindeiru
-I've taken your pants and you still threat me? should i take your balls too? your are lucky i'm lenient. thanks god her husband were not here. he have killed 2 people for her so far, one was my father.
they escaped. he came in. customers were froze, staring him he said
-okyakusan minna moshiwake arimasen, hontoni sumimasen deshta! i have taken care of a couple of yakuza members. please enjoy your meal. today it's our ogori (treat). 
then he came back to meeting. all saw the accident and all were froze. the he said
-sorry for interruption. oh my bad, i didn't closed my camera. they were some delinquents. let's continue
3 nights later, in the late night, a group of men in black came in. john was eating on the counter beside the back counter. his right was the front of restaurant so he could see who came in. he didn't reacted to them. one old man came near, others standed around. old man said
-shitsureshimasu, such an impolite restaurant. why don't you say itteraishaymasen okyaksama to us?
he while eating his steak said
-anatatachi okayaksan janai, gomi desu, we must throw you out
-it seems you don't understand what pinch you are in
-kochchino serifu da yo
then he told all, nazanin and mike and james to go out. they went out. then he faced the yakuza boss and said
-daiyakuza sama, i had a tough past. now i want to live a peaceful life in this peaceful land. you trash people don't shame from these respectable people? 
-who must shame is you! you had a disrespectful act with my men
-they disrespected my sister, i punished them
-you have disrespected us in public. we must punish you by killing you
-you have disrespected us with bringing you gang here, but i can forgive your disrespect if you go now.
-are you waiting for cops? no one will come to help you
-i don't need help. do you know me daiyakuza sama? i'm maniac mask, who conquered middle earth alone. I have came from the barbarian lands. you are too weak to stand against me
then he pulled his gun and said
-then how you can rescue from this?
then he opened his jackets buttons. there was a black box. he said
-do you know what is this? it's C4 explosive. we typically carry these in middle earth to do suicidal attacks. do you have seen it before? now kill me and it will explode and wipe everything to 100 diameter
they panicked and looked each other
-why you are silent? now you have 2 choices. either you get killed or all of get killed and nearby people?
then he pulled his knife. boss closed his eyes and shot. john pulled his head right and hit his hand with left hand and then jumed and hit his face with forehead. he fell, john sat on him and cut his head. his men were froze. john put the head in front of the vice president nad said
-now your turn
he took his hand and gun down.
-what. are you surrounded? your boss preferred all die.
he remained silent.
-yakuza san, do you see? you can have a restaurant and live a peaceful life with good people. or you can live a barbarian life, kill and wait to get killed. what's your choice?
he remained silent.
-you can't go out of that door before you answer me.
-it's not like we had a choice and preferred this life
-sasuga yakuza san! everyone in this restaurant is the same. we are all murderers, delinquents, outlaws. there is always a choice. do you like to work here? we are short on hands
he thought a while
-i protect the members
then he said
-ok! i will work here
-iterashaimasen!
then he packed the head in a box and put the body in a bag and gave them to them. they went. yakuza asked
-now what to do?
-first we must clean the mess
they cleaned the blood. john asked if he has a safe house. he said for a limited period yes. he came to restaurant from tomorrow. he took the place of manager from john since he was going to change his occupation to A.I. and game, and others were young.
one day a person of sexual minority came to restaurant. they typically welcome men with maids and women with butlers. they get confused. nazanin went to take their order. they say prefer a butler to take order next time. nazanin said for sure. james went with a serious and angry accent and gave their order. despite the angry face of james, they get pleased and happy. they came again, and again. their presence became more frequent. most of the time james were serving they. but his behaviour was cold and unpleasant.
once john noticed their interaction. he talked to james
-do you feel fear?
-fear?
-yeah! if you fear them suck your dick or fuck your ass, i can take down your pants and suck your dick and fuck your ass. this way you overcome your fear
-do you really do so?
-ask davood!
-i don't really fell that way
-then what do you feel? despise? disgust?
-i think this LGBT community and the advertisement to promote it is absurd. why they advertise the gender transformation?
-it's not about promotion. it's about normalization, about acceptance. think of them as disabled. it is bad to accept disabled in society?
-of course not, the opposite.
-no one promote and advertise disability. but we should accept them as human
-but, [pause] it doesn't feel well
-it's also for disabled people. isn't it? haven't you see a disable people where you become uncomfortable in his presence?
-yes
-did you despised him or disrespect him?
-no! what do you think of me?
-then why you treat them like this?
-that's different. they chose this way of life, not by accident?
-choose? are you sure? i think it is a mental condition, not a choice.
-are you sure?
-you know, they are human. they have a feeling for you. it's not humane to treat them like this.
then he turned and went. it was hard for him to say this
for a while, they didn't came. next time when they came, john told james
-they say it will change the course of your life if you once hug a lazarus, you know?
then he went to the office. james went near, unlike the previous, he was smiling and welcoming. he gently said
-where you have been? we were expecting you? were you well? 
they became so happy that they were in the verge of crying. they ordered and when they was to go, invited james to a concert. james accepted the invite.
their name were shiki. shiki came more frequently. shiki and james became friends. after a while james told john that shiki wants to work part time here. he said we can use shiki in kitchen. john told him it is not a problem in my opinion for shiki to work in saloon. after that, some sexual minorities became customers and the presence of shiki not even decreased the customers but increased it. so they wanted to get another worker.
one girl saw the notice on the vitrine and came in and gave her resume to john. john said
-matsumoto san desu ne? hajimemashite! arigato gozaimaso kono shokumukeirekisho!
-wow sugoi! nihongo wa ojozu desu ne!
he looked her with maniac look. she panicked. he said
-kotowaru, sumimasen deshta. ikitete arigato gozaimasu.
she got her resume and went. after a while she came back and said
-sumimasen deshita! may i ask why i get rejected?
-first mondai, because you said the curse word. i have hear there is a one million yen fine for saying this phrase to foreigners. 
-hontouni sumimasen deshita. i didn't knew this is that bad. i will never say it again. is there anything else
-second mondai. your scores, futsu. your neighberhood, futsu. your look, futsu. you are too futsu to work in this restaurant
-do you are looking for a special person?
-special, or more princely hen. tashkani henna hito bakkari desu kono mise wa.
-tashkani. ah sumimasen deshita. i didn't mean it
-manager san is yakuza, davood and nazanin are siblings and married, davood is a murderer, nazanin is a warui onna with a horrible past and trauma. mike is a lolicon bank rubber in love with an underaged villager medieval girl. james and shiki are hen obvoiusly. and steve. a hen nerd who never talks. and finally me. sekai ichiban henna hito
-could i think and tell you my decision tomorrow?
-yes of course!
tomorrow she accepted the job and joined their staff.

________
# office
--------
john started an startup studio to create an A.I. based game simulating human intelligence. he hired several persons with different specialities, A.I., neuroscience, psychology, sociology, Game engine, H.R., programmer and devops. only steve were working in this studio since he was a nerd. they started to create a human recreation project called rening.
a lot of effort and time were required to launch the project. after a while, where people felt frustrated and weary, john suggested to create a social media page and create some fun content. it was motivating and made people energetic.
at first, they started to create some short love story clips. they use steve as a dumb boy who don't understand the others specially girls, and girls are in love with him and fight over him and give him chocolate or obento like a 2 story obento with rice shaped like heart and he eat and don't understand their feelings.
john changed the scenario. he entered the clips as a serious and ruthless manager. the clip story is that john is a new hired manager. he came with a motorcycle, cowboy hat, leather jacket, black gloves, with a big and long box. when he came to his room, he open the box. there is 2 swords. a katana and a jagged sword. he also has bow and arrows and shurikens. secretary, the young girl came and ask
-ano, etto, sumimasen, kore wa nan desu ka?
-management tools
there were some scenes in the clip where some staff are talking and laughing, where an arrow or shuriken came and hit the nearby wall or colomn and they went to work. once john was arguing with a programmer about using 2 byte or 4 byte to store the coefficient of a neuron where secretary came and said use 3 bytes. john looked with maniac face and unleashed the katana from it's sheath with thumb with his left hand but before drew it with right hand, programmer grabbed the handle and said
-tomoe chan can you please print new resumes for developer position and bring them for me?
-hi!
-hi no tomoe chan! yes. speakku igirisu onegishimasu!
then she left and john looked maniac to programmer and said
-she didn't understood at all
-hi! i mean yes
then next clip was bold with an stunt. devops guy were a girly boy, weak, thin, short, beautiful. one clip starts when john called satomi, he was going to his work after a break. he was beside the wall, john came and with kabedon pinned him to the wall. all girls became frustrated, either irritated or enjoyed watching. john was paling with his collar and told satomi with a smile
-did you have setup the auth for dev server?
-yes!!
-everytime i want to test the build, i must login
-it's not safe to store the token
then while playing with his collar, he grabbed him and rotated him in air and smashed him to hte wall. wall was a fake wall, a mattress covered with a thin layer of chalk. satomi got his head up and said
-do you like a revert?
-yes...
then his head fell with face, like dying.
-...when you released from hospital
for one clip they have created an entrance exam paper. the first question is what group do you belong to? LGBTQ+, feminist, cyclist, spiritualist, communist, Marxist, maoist, satanist, socialist, anarchist, environmentalist, gender equelist, wake movementist, flat-earther, no-vaxiner, neo-EUZI (eugenic-zionist).
the second question is a picture from hitler with black skin, a scythe in hand. under is written -i--er. the answer is tiller.
what is the best? far right, right, middle, left
after creating some fun videos, one year passed.

_____________
# human child
-------------
finally rening project got ready. they gathered to launch the first run. steve described that this is a realtime simulation. it can get paused or increase speed up to about 1000x. they can get snapshots. snapshots are very large and depend on the population. snapshot of environment is not that big but the nerv snapshots are big, and differential. the ning must sleep to be able to take snapshots. every night they pause system for a while and take snapshot of environment and all sleeping nings. 
at the beginning of the rening execution, there were first ning, hitori, sleeping near the origin of coordinate system. in the origin of coordinate system there were a white cube of unit size. there was a meadow surrounded by jungle. when hitori woke up, he was a newborn and didn't knew anything, with the body of a 10 years old boy. they projected a tutorial on the cube sides. tutorials were showing what to do and even without understanding the language he could figure out what to do. it taught him basic language, what to eat and how to survive. one thing they told him was to cover his lower body with a some leafs. there were animals in the jungle. hitori gradually learned language to understand what cubes says, but there were no one for him to talk. he casually repeat what cube says and hear voice of himself. he built a fence to protect the meadow and cube from the animals. he created basic tools like lance and axe. he learned to create fire and hunt and eat meat, though fruit were easier. he learned to cover his body with the skin of animals. it took one week in real world time, and about 2 years in rening time.
the area of the map were about 8 by 8 kilometer. companion cube told him to not to go too far, and don't cross the red line. once hitori went too far and reached red line. he scared and didn't try to pass and came back.
john wanted to do an experiment. john told to hitori via cube that don't eat from one fruitful tree, if he do so the companion cube will never talk and help again. he obeyed. steve told john that hitori parameters for order and obedience are high. satomi suggested that system is stable and hardware is free so they can add a girl for hitori, he is alone. then they add the second ning, futari, with completely opposing parameters. they added futari as a girl in the night of renin, where hitori was sleep and after the snapshot. morning hitori and futari woke up. hitori saw futari, a naked girl of about 8 years old, and go near and trying to say something. he noticed under her belly is different from him. he scared. futari looked around and saw the cube. but didn't get interested and went in jungle. john asked why she did so? steve said her parameters of curiosity and order is the opposite. so she is not interested in him or cube or learning. he learned from cube about girl and boy and reproduction. he managed to wear her a dress.
some days passed. futari were like a playful child, while hitori had an eye on her to protect her and give her food. she always do the opposite of what he tells her. when he told her come eat food she went and when he says ok don't eat, she came and eat. she was chaotic. she didn't pay attention to instructions of the cube but she heard its voice, she gradually learned language.
morning hitori wakes and cleans around. pick fruit and water. then wake futari. she is sleepy. put her on his laps. comb her messy hair while she is sleep and her saliva is on side of lips. prepare her dress where it is falling from sholder and wash her face in a pot. then they eat. suddenly she get energetic and create a mess while eating, throwing saliva and crumbles everywhere
one day when hitori was collecting food, he saw futari near the forbidden tree. she was playing around but not interested in fruits. hitori scared and told futari don't eat from that tree. then she became naughty and went to eat. while hitori were scaring and telling and begging, she picked one and took one bite, she was first happy, then frustrated, then soar face, then bitter face, a puke face and finally swallowed and throw the remaining. hitori asked
-what was the taste
-hummmm! sweat, a bit soar, some parts bitter, a little sickening. why don't eat?
he went. he always where thinking about eating but he don't. once in a while when hitori was near the tree, she pick a fruit to tease him, and then play like she is biting it. sometimes she bites and sometimes didn't since it is strange and everytime is different. she told hitori so. he became more curious and interested.
one week in studio, 2 years in rening passed. hitori never ate a fruit. even didn't went near to pick it. john suggested a change in their nerv. he suggested to add 2 nervs to each ning. one from each parent. for hitori and futari, they gave a weakened one from each to the other. for every decision, they first decide to make decision with which one. first, it is random, if the result were evaluated good, they increase the probability of that nerv for that kind of decision. but also there is always a chance to give opportunity to the other nerv for a decision.
after adding the second nerv, their behavior became more undeterministic and they had some new experienced. one day futari woke first and prepared the breakfast and woke hitori and combed his hair. one day futari where wandering, suddenly saw hitori have peaked many fruits and bit many of them. he suddenly looked back and saw futari and froze, then swallowed. futura came near and started to eating too. after that the companion cube never told or showed anything.
once hitori reached the border, the redline. behind the red line were a jungle. hitori decided to cross the border. he went to croos but suddenly hit something like a glass wall. map had a bounding collider that doesn't allow anyone to bypass. hitori tried to throw stone to other side, but it reflected back. then he came back thinking why cube told him not to pass the border while he can't even pass it.
after one week, 2 years of rening, they increased the hardware resources and they were ready to add 2 new nings as they were planed at first. so they added sannin and yonin, a boy and a girl, and they doubled the size of the map. for sannin and yonin, they added a sphere to guide them. 
one day hitori woke up and saw below of his body, and saw a strange thing. it had a boner. he goes and pulled up futari's dress and fucked her while she was sleep. then he went to jungle where a bull fuckin a cow, and another cow is watching. he went and fucked the cow. he wandered in jungle and fucked every female animal, cat, sheep, pig, dog, horse, donkey, fox. futari woke up and had a pleasure sensation form her sleep. she stayed in home. when hitori came back, she was showing her ass to him, pulling up her dress, bending, sleeping on the ground, but nothing worked. he was drained, pale, passing away.
futari went out and kneeled in front of the cube and prayed someone please her. suddenly she felt something went inside her. she returned and saw it is hitori. after hitori get satisfied, he passed away there and slept. but futari wanted more. she touched his penis but is was small and lax. futari went to jungle and showed her ass to animals but they didn't care. after visiting many animals only pig fucked her. she got pleased. on the way back suddenly dog jumped on her and fucked her. she came hom and rested with hitori. from tomorrow they fucked each other everytime they visit. hitori also sometimes fuck animals. futari were visiting and fucking pig or dog casually.
after a while animals born children of hitori. since animals couldn't raise them, hitori gathered them in house. after a while futari born a pig. they called him butahito. hitori got angry and scolded futari why she have intercourse with animals, while futari where looking all that baby animals. hitori told her
-you shouldn't fuck around anymore. i want you to born our child. it will be amazing.
-then you shouldn't fuck around too
-but it don't prevent us to born our child
-it don't prevent to born our child, but it make problem raising it. how we can feed these many children?
-fare! i will not fuck around anymore.
//leo, lion boy, taiga, tiger girl, rango, orangutan boy, caty, cat girl, ushin, cow girl, shigi, sheep girl, dani, donkey boy, hari, horse boy, goti, gaot girl, waki, dog boy.
after a while, futari became pregnant. it took too long to give birth to the child. when the child born, it was crying a lot. it was a boy. they didn't see the newborn of animal, except the piggy. that cried a bit and soon stopped, walked in a week, and strat talking after a month . other baby animals also where able to walk in less than a week when they found them. they called baby hiro. they thought this baby human is sick or disabled. so they wanted to have another child. after a while futari became pregnant again. during the pregnancy, hiro learned to move on foots and hands. after 9 months, the second son born, furi. he was the same. it couldn't walk or talk in one month.
at the same time, sannin and yonin reached puberty. their sphere also taught new things. john as creator told them to not have intercourse with animals. also don't do it with relatives, parents, children, siblings, also creator said to choose one pair and have it with your pair only and don't do it with other's pair. he asked so what their children can do then? creator said that when the times come, he will find it. they were not completely obedient but unlike hitori and futari, they were not that horny, so they didn't had intercourse with animals. their first child was a boy, saniyo, the second child was a girl, yosa. sannin and yonin also noticed that their child is weak and slow compared to other animal children. 
when children reached about 12, they raised the barrier between 2 lands. once saniyo were near the border when he saw a caty, the cat girl on the other side. caty also got circuitous. she was there before and new that she can't pass the boundary. she went near. saniyo found her cute and fell in love she went near. they stayed near the boundary. saniyo wanted to touch her so he reached his hand and surprisingly he could touch her. then they touched each other and hugged each other and soon they had an intercourse. then caty sayed in his hug, and he started to eat her ears and said
-i will eat your ears
-what? do you speak?
-wow! you speak too? what's your name
-caty
-i'm saniyo. who are your parents?
-my father is hitori, my mother was a cat but futari, the human woman raised me. she is like my mother. what about you?
-my father is sannin, my mother is yonin.
-i want to see them.
-eeee, i think we have a problem. creator said don't have intercourse with animals
-am i animal? look at me! i have dress. i walk on 2 foots. i'm human
-the most beautiful human
then he smiled and kissed her and they went to home. yonin became very happy and surprised when she saw caty. sannin were skeptical and suspicious. yonin hugged her and sat her on her lap and patted her head. yosa were very sad and jealous, she both lost her brother and now mother who was pampering caty. she exploded from crying and went to her room. caty get confused and mumbled what happens then ate a cookie from the table. saniyo said
-i chose her as my pair
caty get confused. sannin said
-but she is animal
-she walks on 2 feet, wear dress. she is human
caty said
-what is pair
-creator said everyone must have intercourse with one person, their pair.
-what happens if someone don't do it?
-... hum ... i don't know
yonin asked
-who is you parents, caty?
-hitori and futari. they leaved on the other side of boundary
-other side? so that's why we never have met before! how you passed the boundary?
-it seems we can cross it now
-so let's go and mett them together
then they went. yonin called yosa. she came out sad. they picked 2 little babies. in the way caty looked saniyo with love and grabbed his arm in her hug. sannin and yonin were behind them, yonin also looked sannin and grabbed his arm too, while hilding baby with other hand.
when they reached to the boundary, sannin and yonin paused, sannin said
-i don't if we are allowed to pass the boundary
yonin said
-before, we couldn't pass the boundary even we wanted. now it is open. if creator wants to stop us, he can do it.
-now i remember he told once when the time comes, we will know. maybe the time have came.
then saniyo and caty passed the line without problem and then parents passed cautiously and slowly. finally yosa holding a baby crossed with a little fear.
they arrived to the hitori house. caty called them
-mama, papa, we have guests
futari said
-guests? who?
-they are new nings.
then she came from the kitchen and saw them. yonin said
-hello! i'm yonin and this is my pair sannin! we were living beyond the boundary. it seems that the barrier have risen and we can pass the boundary.
-hello! that's amazing. so there are other nings! amazing! by the way what do you mean by pair?
-it means we live and we create children together
caty said
-and this is saniyo. he is their child and my pair
hiro came and say
-caty, what about me? you don't want to live with me?
-sorry brother. i can't live with you
saniyo said
-what are you talking about? you can't pair with your sibling.
-who said that
-the creator, via the sphere.
hitori said
-do creator talk with you?
-yes. it doesn't talk with you?
-he talked with us via companion cube, .... eh, ... but he stopped talking.
-oh, that's bad. i hope he don't stop talking whit us
meanwhile yosa forgot her sadness about saniyo and caty and were staring hiro. hero noticed her. but he was interested in caty. he was frustrated, angry, jealous.
....

_______
# exile
-------

streets were full of bullshit, dung, turd. rat, cockroach, fly were everywhere in the eden, dwelling in the dirty parts of the town and sewers, among shits. soon plague spread among eden citizens, nins and nin-animals called impures. once a strong tiger nominated for mayor, sabertooth stalwart. he was charismatic. he talked about the eden
-dear people of eden, dear nins, dear impures, carnivores, herbivores, birds, reptiles! creator honored us with holy water and gave us intelligence to build the promised eden and live in it. we created an utopia with our intelligence and live separated from animals. we thought everyone that is honored with holy organ and holy water is holy and can live in our holy eden. but it seems we forgot about heretics, sinners. some people have intelligence, but don't use it and disrespect the holy organ! look at the streets! full of bullshit, dung, turd! and dirty rats, cockroaches, fly nurture from it. is it what we call paradise? do all-father, the owner of holy organ, eat shit? we were to gather all intelligent and build eden, were people wear beautiful dresses, cook delicious food and live a good life. now our precious people are dying from plague, because cattle drop dung in streets and rats and cockroaches eat it! if they are satisfied with that kind of life, why we must hold them in the eden? our all-father ate the forbidden and creator abandoned him! one may suspect that forbidden were shit, since it's contaminated and cause decease!
all people appraised and hailed him. soon stalwart became mayor. his ministers and adviser were mostly humans and carnivores. they concluded herbivores, rats and insects has least value in eden since they don't have economic benefit, due to the lack of intelligence, beauty and physical power. they fell in poverty loop since others don't like them and don't find them interesting and don't give them jobs. they decided to create a pasture in the meadow outside the walls of eden, and settle cattle there, and create a big cesspit near it, connecting sewers of eden to it, and move rats and insects there to feed from the bullshit! they called this operation "the turd rage".
the impures were not interested to move out from the eden to the wild. they were not animals, they were intelligent, wearing dress, walking on 2 legs. but the humans and carnivores were tired of bullshits, turds, disgusting insects. mayor promised their safe movement to a suitable place, but their true intention were something else. they didn't treat expelling impures that humanly.
after a while period, eden became a real utopia, while meadow became desert and cesspit became like hell. cattle ate all the grasses and farted so much that the temperature raised significantly. lack of intelligence and order raised commotion between rats and cockroaches. they had high birth rate, but the shit resources were decreasing to the desertification of meadow. the sewers of eden were also not that much since most of the shit were produced by cattle. gradually rats leaved the cesspit and went to live in desert, giving up it to the cockroach and fly.
years passed. everyday eden were improving and become wealthier and richer. while they were climbing the way of development and prosperity, desert and cesspit were miserable and falling down to the wild animal way of life. the eden had some rules to accept the intelligent, beautiful, capable individuals from cesspit, with some conditions. if an individual were able to pass intelligence test, and prove that is able to secure a job, and has acceptable appearance and physical ability, they could get residence in eden. this migration boosts the prosperity of paradise while increase poverty in cesspit. also they exile criminals and individuals with unacceptable behaviour to the cesspit.
in the midst of poverty and famine, a wild motley bull came to the pasture. some cows paired with him and born calf. the bull were wild, on 4 feet grazing in the meadow. he didn't needed a house and cloths. all day he were eating, shitting, farting. this single bull alone made a lot of bullshit.
after a while, many cockroaches became fund of the bull. one wise beetle called turd-roller started to worship the bull! everyday he came and kneel down behind the bull and said
-oh holy cow! please give us prosperity, feed us with your holy shit!
soon people followed his behavior and a cult formed, called bullshitics. the turd roller became the leader of bullshitics. they called him supreme-roller. his job was to talk for people and invite them to their cult. his talks were repetitive and obvious
-dear residents of cesspit! dear bullshitics! hail to ower holy cow! thanks to his holy shit we can feed our children and survive! i can some day this cesspit will become full of bullshit and we can live freely and eat what ever shit we like! i'm sure that creator have sent this bull! some people say that creator has forbidden the pairing of humans and animals. cows in meadow sceptical to pair with holly bull! but their pairing will be a opportunity, will bring bliss! i have heard soon we will see the holy calf! the child of our holy cow! the promised holy calf will produce holy shit for our entire society!
someone asked supreme-roller
-but that bull is not nin, is not intelligence. he is not even impure!
-exactly my child! this bull is pure! and produce pure bullshit! isn't pure better than impure?
people hailed for him! 
rats were living in the desert. when they heard about the bullshitics and holy cow, an extremely old rat called "mooshe zesht" gathered the desert rats and talked for them
-dear stray rats! i have heard good news! our holly cesspit is becoming full of shit! the creator have sent bliss upon us and graced us with holy shit of holy cow, the promised motley cow! now it's our time to take back our holy land, holy cesspit! soon the promised holy calf will born and we can eat endless shit!
one mouse said
-what promised calf?
other said
-the cesspit is crowded with cockroaches! what we can do with them? we have gave up cesspit to them and leaved voluntarily. they don't gave it back to us! specially when they have increased in population and now have the rich resources of shit!
other said
-he is right! i prefer to live in this desert. i even don't want to eat shit anymore. i prefer to gnaw roots!
mooshe zesht yelled at them
-shut up you blasphemers! how dare you ignore the creator's commands! we must take back our home land! with unity, we can conquer and dominate the world! we are the heir of creator on this land! creator have promised a holy calf, and our return to the holy cesspit! the insects are not nins, are not impures, even are not animals! they are pest. people of eden add up us with them and consider us pest, but we are mammal. we are useful. we are cute, beautiful. did you have seen a beautiful cockroach, a cute cockroach? they are disgusting, causing plague. if they resist, we can kill them! there is no sin in doing so!
the old rat made up some lies nad convinced them to come back to cesspit and since he was oldest, they believed him.
rats invaded to cesspit and faced the opposition and resistance of cockroaches leading by supreme-roller! so they massacred them since they were bigger and stronger. after a fierce war, half of cesspit fell in hands of rats.
cockroaches sent a fly to request for help from mayor of eden, stalwart. sabertooth went with his team to the meadow and cesspit. he was surprised when he saw meadow have turned to a burning desert with a dirty hot air. their life was terrible, way more terrible that they thought. they didn't had a nin-like life at all. it was more like animal life. even stalwart felt pity for them. suddenly they noticed something horrible. they saw infinity nin-ants, taking cockroach corpses somewhere else. they tailed them and after passing a ridge, they saw something that no nin had never seen before. there were a great city, way bigger than eden, with skyscrapers of mud, the greatest ant colony they have ever seen.
they came back and called all wise people to talk about the situation. they knew that there are some nin-ants in the far land, even they had accepted some of them as migrants. but they didn't knew that they had created this massive civilization. they didn't knew that they are friendly or hostile, and what they are to do with corpses. so they sent a group to communicate and spy, leading with felix the fox.
felix went to the ant colony and was surprised with their warm welcome. he asked about the corpses and they say, they eat them, which was another surprise. they were all single without children. he asked about their family and they said only she can pair and born children. he asked
-who she is?
-she is our mother!
-then why don't you call her mom or with her name?
-it is forbidden!
-so were is she? who can we talk with her?
-she lives in forbidden city, a small city in the center of our realm! and no one can visit her, except her pairs!
-pairs? but creator had forbidden pairing a female with multiple male pairs!
-she don't have multiple ones! she pair them one by one, then eat them!
he was surprised again!
-i think this way of life is not that proper. do you pair or have children?
-no! we are workers! we only work, for colony, for her!
-but that's not how nins supposed to live. creator want's people to pair and live a free life!
-who is creator? she is our creator! we do what she wants!
-the almighty creator, who have created her!
-we don't know any creator aside her!
he went to the forbidden city and asked to visit queen. they asked about him, his realm and their ruler. he told them that sabertooth is their mayor. then they said mayor himself must come to visit queen. he went and checked the great towers, but they were empty, they were like chimney, only an empty shell, another surprise!
felix came back to eden and described their situation
-they have a great city but that's only thing they have. they are all workers and miserable. they are used to build shell towers and mine materials. they are fanatic of voids. they even don't pair. their queen is the only one who pairs, and eats everyone whom pair with.
they all got surprised. sabertooth said
-i didn't expected to face such animals! they are even more peculiar that cesspit dwellers. we must go and visit that queen. maybe they are not that wierd!
one human said
-but they may be dangerous. we don't know how advanced is their technology!
-considering felix descriptions and the fact that they are ants, i don't suspect they possess much power! but we will be careful and conscious. felix is cunning and clever! what do you think felix?
-they are poor and weak, but they can be the most dangerous creatures in the world. we must hurry and take countermeasures before they dominate the world and eat all of our corpses! for this visit, we must be humble and respect them. they seems sensitive and they don't like arrogance. you should be courteous, stalwart!
stalwart, with a large team consisting of eagle, rhino, behemoth, elephant, snake, alligator, felix, and humans went to ant colony. at first, they get surprised how poor and miserable they are inside, despite their gorgeous appearance from outside. they relieved a bit. they went to the forbidden city. it had high walls and giant gates! they were thinking inside is also full of small ants! but once they opened the gate, they faced some guard ants with size of a bull. inside city was something else, luxurious, shiny, sleek. they lost their confidence and became a bit nervous. ants brought them with respect to the queen's presence. when they saw the queen, they completely lost their guts. she was the greatest nin-animal they had seen, even bigger than elephant. felix whispered in the sabertooth's ear
-i bet she is void inside too, like a balloon!
she said
-welcome leaders of eden! it is an honor that you came here to visit me, sir sabertooth stalwart! i was expecting you to come here! now i see you are way more handsome and sturdy that i have heard!
-thank you for your compliments! so you knew about us? but we didn't even knew about this and colony! from were do you us?
-unlike you, sir sabertooth, ant is not a rare species, we are everywhere, literally!
-yes, you are right, albeit i'm a tiger, sabertooth is my name! but tigers are also rare!
she laughed!
-yes! you are tiger! your name is misleading. your town's name were misleading too. but i heard you have done a great job cleaning the city, the turd rage! so sir sabertooth, what brought you here today? do you mind cleaning our cities too?
-your gorgeous colony attracted our interest. we want to create the most beautiful and advanced society of nins and make the opportunity of a good life for people there! we presumed we can interchange our knowledge to help both parties improve their development path!
-that's an interesting suggestion. as you can see we have a lot of power. we can build everything. i have heard your so called eden is full of meager and humble buildings. my children will build skyscrapers and castles for you. also they can mine precious materials in the deepest tunnels.
-i had more interest in intellectual exchange, but the labor and resources are essential to develop a realm for living a good life. i'm willing to know how we can compensate your generosity. 
-we will agree on a fair price for now!
-i have one final question from you! are the people willing to work in mines or construction? are they have choice and freedom? do they benefit from nin rights?
she got a tantrum and looked with rage
-they are all my children! don't assume you care about them more than me! what i want for them is to be useful!
they came back to eden.
mutual communications went good and a group of worker ants with some strong guards came to build an iconic building for town hall, the bubble tower! it was a great and ambitious project, with a huge aquarium in its core that can fit whales in it. the ants were small but countless. ants were hard working with long work hours and short rest time. they were humble, contented with a little food, hard work condition, low security, and worst of all, the brutal behavior of the guard ants with them.
gradually complains raised among people about this project. not only they felt pity for poor worker ants, but also they questioned the reason and utility of the project. when they asked sabertooth why they need a huge and tall building, his answer was that they need an icon, a symbol of their power and wealth, knowledge and development. also he described that their population will grow and they need to expand their eden. he talked about many reasons like watching for entertainment and security, antenna for communication, centralizing the order and state. but at core, it was for jealousy, for honor, for despise. they wanted to be greatest. they didn't tolerate that ants have taller towers.
meanwhile calves of bull were born. they had very low intelligence and were more of animal than nin. they were grazing in the meadow and didn't wear dress. after a while they reached puberty and started pairing with each other. also bulls sometimes annoyed and even raped female sheep and goats. after a while their society became full of wild animals with a little intelligence and more of a wild animal. every herd had some strong individuals with a thick head and long horns. every stranger welcomed with a headbutt, as strong as it can be. they forgot how to walk and 2 legs, how to wear dress, how to live a nin life.

_______________
# baaldr goetia
---------------

in the midst of wild life of cattle, one goat, baaldr goetia, was exceptionally intelligent, as intelligent as nins. she was spending her time doing thinking and doing experiments. she didn't have access to the resources of knowledge. just some small peaces. but she had resolute. she were thinking that their greatest problem is food, and if they had enough food, they didn't fight this much. but there was a problem. they were in desert. air was hot, water were salty, polluted, rare. soil was not fertile. how they could live without proper air, water, soil? she found that they can fart in the restrooms and collect hot air in balloons. she found that they can purify water with various ways like distilling or filtering. she knew that they can use turd and dung as fertilizer but cattle didn't like to eat shit, specially their own shit, like cesspit dwellers. so she found a way to create fertilizer from nitrogen, phosphor and potassium.
when she told people about her findings, they didn't appreciate her or even understand her point. at first she get frustrated, but when she thought more, she realized that it is obvious that they don't accept her suggestions and plans, they are cattle and what they do everyday is grazing and fighting. so she needed another plan to execute her development plan. she thought and found that the only way she can execute her plan and make cattle united and civilized is to deceive and trick them to accept her and take their lead and their power. she thought that with achieving knowledge and development and peace, people will gratitude her and they will live a good life, a nin life. so she planned to create a cult. she prepared documents and rules and designed her dream society.
accidentally, some goats found some tablets with ancient writings while digging a well. they brought them to the village. baaldr was there shopping in market. when she heard that diggers have found some ancient tablets, she thought it is her opportunity of life. she got so exited that she was to go near and take them, but quickly she changed her mind and played cool and uninterested. she knew that they will come for her since the only educated one around is her. her only concern was that they were such fools that they may throw them away. but they were not that idiot. one of them brought on tablet to baaldr goetia and said
-hey baaldr! we have found some tablets with some strange writings on it. do you can read them?
she played cool, got it carefully like a precious and sacred item. it was very heavy. she put it on the counter. cleaned it with reverence and said
-it is an old writing. i think it is the language of creator!
-language of creator?
-i have heard when creator put hitori-sama on earth, gave him so eternal stone tablets and taught him to live a good life. creator put the required knowledge for nins in tablets. but later organics put them aside and buried them and turned thier back to the creator and chose animal life over nin life.
she was surprised and confused how she can make these lies. she told himself
-seems creator is talking with my tongue! maybe i'm chosen by him? yes indeed i'm chose. the exact same day that i have completed my plan, they brought some tablets for me, this idiots. if it was not the creator's plan this animals definitely throw these away!
she continued
-please bring them to my home. i have some some dictionaries and encyclopedias in my library! maybe i can translate and interpret them!
the poor digger looked at baaldr like a goat, albeit he was a goat, literally! but he didn't understand one word!
-ok we will bring them to your home!
-please take good care fo them.
-if they are eternal and made by creator, i think we need take much care. creator will preserve it himself
the goetia got surprised from his point, and thought
-they may be uneducated and cast away but at the core they are nins and intelligent. i must not assume them fools.
then she responded
-yes creator will preserve them if they are the old creator scripts, but i don't know what is these tablets yet!
-you are really genius goetia!
they brought tablets to the baaldr's house. she told them
-please dig that area carefully, maybe there is more tablets there. they may give us knowledge and prosperity!
one asked
-how a stone can give us prosperity?
-you will see soon my friend!
she taught
-sometimes they are smart, but most of the times they are idiots. but i must respect them and must not despise them. i must teach them, guide them. if i don't be kind to them, they will not listen to me!
she cleaned the tablets and checked his library. she didn't had many books, and her books were some left overs and what she had found around. she gathered pieces of information and her known characters. it seemed impossible with the limited books she had. she told herself
-why my father was idiot and got expelled from eden? why we must live like this? we even don't have access to books and knowledge! how we can improve and live a nin life?
she got despaired for a while. but came back and read more. gradually she found that the first tablet is the fundamental rules of creator. the rules of pairing, eating, ownership. he had their translation and became sure that this is creator rules. then she guessed the meaning of some signs since she had the translation. she got happy and brought the second tablet and cleaned it. suddenly she understood that this is the copy of first one. she quickly chacked others and found that all of them are the same. someone had made several copies of creator rules.
baaldr worked on her plan and after a week, in the weekend, she gathered all people in the square and talked for them
-dear creatures, dear nins! creator had blissed us with his knowledge and have gave us the secrets of creating eden, better than what we have exiled from it! now listen carefully. we have our life from sun, moon, earth. our food grow from ground, with fertile soil, clean water and moderate air! enough food ensure our life and reproduction but also we need to obey the creator and do what he says to earn our eden. 
then she read the rules
-you shalt pair with one
-you shalt wear dress
-you shalt not steal
-you shalt not fart and excrete outside the restrooms with sealed doors and windows.
-you shalt not eat from wild herbs
-you shalt build a home for your family
-you shalt eat only cooked food
-you shalt wash yourself before eating
-you shalt collect ashes and bury them in your farm
-you shalt not defile water
someone said
-is it over
-yes! for now. i haven't read all tablets yet. also i think there must be more. we must search.
-why we must not fart outside?
-the creator have told so. he knows everything. i think the stench and warm air will be fixed if we obey the creator's commands.
some of people started to cooperate with her. they built restrooms and sewer tunnels. they created a great dome to collect farts up on the sewers. they mixed ash with soil. with better air and better soil and uncontaminated water, they could be able to farm. gradually agriculture grew, the environment became clean and healthy, the stench went away. they fought less, wore dress.
in weeks, the emersion of an ambassador, baaldr goetia, spread in entire desert, which was meadow in past. cattle started to obey the rules and live a peaceful life. sheep, cow, goat, donkey, horse, all joined an alliance and pact with baaldr. living a nin life were better than living wild.
baaldr returned the bull to the wild. cesspit dwellers lost a good source of turd amd became angry about cattle. they moved their sewage to the cesspit. it was a great source of food for them, but the fire of war between rats and insects were still burning. ants were building the bubble tower in eden. herbivores were building another eden. insect became angry about the silence of eden about their massacre. they were accusing them being racist and acting in favor of mammals, though they were indifferent. so they started to take action and annoying eden. gradually some cockroaches went to the eden and scaring people. one cockroach scaerd a big female pig in street and pig felt on him from fear and cockroach pressed to death. eden court condemned cesspit action for doing so while cesspit were surprised that they have killed one cockroach and not only they didn't convict the guilty but condemned the slain.
their attacked increased. flies flew over them and annoy them and even sometimes throw dungs on their head. even there were some cases of arson. stalwart were under pressure. they offered to create another cesspit and separate rats and insects. but not only the shit resources were limited, but also both parties had formed cult and believes that the cesspit is for them. no one couldn't change the believes. it was not negotiable, thinkable, talkable. the problem became dilemma, became unsolvable. both parties considered themselves rightful and oppressed, and both were despised eden since the root of problem were their exile, they thought so!
stalwart invited the supreme roller and mooshe zesht. they discussed for a solution. mooshe didn't agreed to live cesspit and live in desert. they even were no willing to come back to eden, though eden were not willing to accept them again. turd roller didn't want anything except the entire cesspit and it's shit without any rats.
the discussion were pointless. one important source of shit were meadow. sabertooth heard that they have built sewer. he get interested to see what happened to them. he was thinking that they live a wild life, now they have sewer.
when stalwart went to the meadow, he got surprised. they had build a clean city. it was comparable to eden. all people were kind, clean, dressed properly and behave properly. he felt fear and jealousy about their development. he asked people if they have chosen a mayor. they said their society is based on equality and there is no ruler or leader except creator! they said god have learnt them to live like this through an ambassador, called baaldr goetia, but now she don't do anything special and she is living her life. he get completely confused about this story. he was mayor and he couldn't imagine an town without mayor, and how they maintain order without mayor. he asked to meet baaldr if it is possible, and they said it is completely possible. he got her address and went to her house.
baaldr were living in a normal house. sabertooth knocked the door. when she opened the door stalwart startled, started stuttering, so stayed silent and just stared. she was fair, bright, shy, timid and blushed seeing stalwart. then she said hello and invited him inside. stalwart were not completely conscious yet. he sat. then asked
-excuse me for intrusion and bothering you.
-we appreciate guests, invited and uninvited! it is my honor to be your hostess
-do you know me?
-yes of course, mayor! you are well known and famous!
-famous or infamous?
-infamous? why infamous?
-i was young. i had dreams. i wanted to create eden. i wanted to cleanse and purify our town. i expelled many people. at first it seemed a right decision. but now, i'm gradually facing its consequences. it seems you have done better job and have made eden without sacrifices.
-to be honest, i had a hard childhood. i somehow were sad, even hated my parents for being useless and being exiled. we had nothing. even books to reads. but we overcame it with help of creator, and now we have build our eden.
tears enringed in his eyes, he reached his hands and grabbed her hands and asked
-what about me? didn't you hated me?
-not really! you wanted to make a better life, you wanted improvement!
-you are gifted. you have turned desert to eden! in my entire carrier, i was confident, decisive, arrogant! but i was coward, coward to ask for help! but now i need help! will you help me?
she was blushed, looking down, then she looked in his eyes hardly with courage and said
-i will be glad if i can be helpful!
she convoyed him to the door. he told her
-i will send you a carriage to join our meeting the day after tomorrow.
then they said goodbye.
that night they didn't slept till the dawn, thinking about each other.
baaldr went to eden. they welcomed her with special respect and honor! they described the situation. she thought for a while and said
-i think it is not that complicated. they want a place to leave and enough food to eat. once there were a bull in our land that were fed them. i moved him to the wild. there were a huge herd of wild buffalo and oxen. supreme roller seemed fund of his excrement. we can dig a large cesspit with separate sections for insects and rats. we can move the herd or their excrement to this new cesspit and give it to them. with new place to live and enough food, dispute will diminish!
they were surprised from her genius. but stalwart had a point
-but i think we have a small problem with their believes. they have sanctified the cesspit. i don't think they accept to move to the new cesspit.
since baaldr were a fake ambassador and knew that supreme roller and mooshe zesht are the same, she said
-i understand the situation, but a good place to live and a good food to eat will gradually change their believes.
stalwart suggested
-i think we can ask ant colony to do the job with an affordable price!
-and we can help build pasture for herds.
-that is excellent! i hope peace prevail in our earth!
-me too!
-ah! and one more thing! i think now that we are talking with nin-ants, we can talk about telephone lines for meadow!
-we will be glad if we have telephone!
-eden and meadow should gradually be connected and sometime they should merge, pair! 
baaldr bitten her lip and fell her head and blushed
after the meeting, stalwart asked baaldr
-may i have the honor to accompany you to your home personally?
she blushed and fell down her head and moved her hair behind her ear and said
-i will yield a great gratification for me!
stalwart had an steam carriage. he occasionally were peeking baaldr, and she were doing so too! and once they looked each other at the same time and both avert their looks quickly and blushed. stalwart saw that they are near her house so took his courage and asked
-i have a question from you
-what is it?
-i think i know the answer but i want to become sure. [pause] do creator allow pairing between to impure of different type?
she fell down her head and said
-creatures pair to reproduce. the pairing of impures of different types seems in vain, futile, unproductive. so it seems a waste! but we are nins, not animals. there is something beyond, something sublime! something called love! maybe we can not have heir, but we can leave a legacy!
they arrived to her house. stalwart accompanied her to the door. she invited him in but he refused politely. then he asked if she will come out with him tomorrow for eating launch in a restaurant in eden. she accepted his invite.
tomorrow they went to a restaurant in the eden. sabertooth were mayor, so everyone knew him. the goetia were not known by her appearance but they had heard about a female goat that have claimed to be an ambassador. everyone were mumbling with their peers. they were asking who is this girl? why mayor is with a girl of another type? young girls were jealous of her and looking her with tantrum.
they talked about what they eat. they were nin and omnivorous. but goetia didn't liked meat specially whole pieces like steaks. minced meat and bird meat and fish was edible for her, but she mostly were eating cereal and bread, dairy, vegetables and roots. on the other hand, stalwart were interested in meat, steak, kebab. he asked
-i think cooking food for family and eating with family is an important part of family life. it would be hard to live together yet everyone eat its own food!
he stuttered and said
-i didn't mean it is not possible or good for a meat eater and a cereal eater to live together. i just asked if you can figure a solution!
she blushed and averted her eyes and said
-i think it is easy to cook rise and stew and eat them together. one can eat more rice and other can eat more meat!
-you really are a genius
she melted and said with a very low tone
-having children is also an important part of family life, [pause] that we can't experience like others. but we can adopt orphans!
-yes! parents typically don't like this idea but we must overcome that!
she smiled.
-so now that we have agreed on aspects of family life, i invite you to come to our house and meet my parents, weekend, noon.
mister stalwart were a nin-tiger, Ms. stalwart were a nin. sabertooth was older sibling. they had a younger daughter. despite that the stalwarts were very formal and conservative, they soon felt good about goetia. she was frail, delicate. femininity was not that prevalent in their family.
stalwarts wanted sabertooth pair with a pure nin or a cat, but he was decisive and independent and solemn. no one could change his mind. only his sister were jealous of her but she had no authority.
this time baaldr invited sabertooth for next weekend. new nin-ants arrived to dig new cesspit and install telephone poles. in less than one week telephone lines were ready, thanks to countless worker ants. first telephone were installed in the shop. baaldr came for opening ceremony and called town hall. stalwart answered the call!
-hello! this is baaldr goetia from the meadow
-hello! this is sabertooth stalwart! wow! such an honor to be able to talk with such a pretty lady with such a beautiful voice! i bet your face and your body is even prettier! every day a lot of girl call me to flirt with me and seduce me. but i don't let them lure me! now i see a naughty girl have called her pure hearted flirting lover secretly to seduce and lure him!
baaldr melted completely and her face became crimson moon!
-hello??? are you there? is line working? can you hear me? lest you had an stroke speaking with such an important and handsome man?
-yes!
-did you have an stroke?
-i mean line is connected!
-excuse me for teasing you! sometimes i become devil and enjoy teasing you! you are too frail and i have found your weakness! i bet you of your blood is concentrated in your face now!
-! think this line works perfectly! this connection is powerful and unbreakable!
-wow! it seems this cute and shy girl got some tricks upon her sleeves!
she couldn't tolerate anymore. quickly said
-thanks for telephone! goodBye!
and quickly put receiver back.
-hello? did you go?
then she picked the phone and said
-don't forget to come at weekend
and then quickly put receiver back!
stalwart mumbled with himself
-teasing baby is evil but it's kinda fun!

next weekend, sabertooth went to baaldr's place. when he knocked, she quickly opened the door and said
-hello! welcome! come in!
sabertooth said
-hello! i wish i could experience this every day!
-do you want to come here everyday?
-i mean when i came back home and knock the door, receive a greeting from this pretty lady!
-and have warm food on the table? and [pause]
she blushed from her word and said
-come in before it get cold!
baaldr's parents were both nin-goats and baaldr were the only child. they were poor and weak. but baaldr had done a good job to make an incredible cuisine. after meeting baaldr's parents, they sat around the dinner table. she said
-i have prepared meat but please eat from these foods without meat! i bet you will love them!
stalwart ate a lot of food. almost all of foods! he was very big compared to goetia and her family. baaldr knew it and she had prepared enough food for him.
after lunch, he said
-i had never ate this delicious foods before. i didn't knew someone can make these tasty foods without meat. we typically eat a simple piece of meat, roasted on fire or in oil or in oven. but the beauty of life is mixtures, decorations, diversity, long-time processes! raw vegetables are not that delicious for me. but these pickled vestibules and fruits are excellent! your daughter is really a genius in everything!
-i'm glad that hear you liked our food!
after the meal, sabertooth said to baaldr's parents
-today i cam here to asked your daughter to pair with me!
they had guessed so. her father said
-as you said baaldr is a genius, way more than us. we don't understand too much! but i think your paring is not possible, a tiger and a goat? a carnivore and a herbivore?
-a nin with another nin!
he said.
-baaldr! you are an ambassador of creator! do creator allow this pairing?
she fell her head and averted her eye and after a pause said
-yes
sabertooth asked parents
-will you agree with our pairing?
her father said
-if her answer is yes and creator allow it, we have no objection.
sabertooth looked at her and asked
-baaldr! are you sure creator allows this pairing?
she said yes with low voice without looking him. he said
-baaldr please look at my eyes and answer aloud. are you sure creator will allow this pairing?
she looked at his eyes and said clearly
-yes
-baaldr do you pair with me? please look at my eyes! i know it is hard but please do so!
she looked at him and said
-yes
-this is the best day of my life! so far albeit! i'm sure we will have even better days! so we must agree open a day to celebrate it and hold a ceremony! is next weekend good?
-i think it is good!
-then i will prepare things! it's good that the you now have telephone! i will call you! we must get a house and ceremony dresses!
-ok!
-thank you for your hospitality! goodbye!
baaldr accompanied him to his car. before going he asked her
-do you think your people accept this pairing?
-i [pause] don't care. if they don't accept me, do you accept me?
-even the entire world don't accept us, if you accept me, that's enough for me! i conquer the world for you!
-ok! but i hope they accept us.
-i don't like you to be worry from now on! trust me! i will make everything ok, and i don't let anything and anyone hurt you! i will protect you until our death! and if i died, creator will protect you, as he have done it until now!
she smiled and tears enringed in her eyes! then sabertooth started the car and went and baaldr stood there until he went!

tomorrow people asked baaldr's parents in market about stalwart and baaldr. they said they will pair next week! for people it was strange and uncommon. they started to doubt her. days passed and they were spreading rumors and badmouthing her. they didn't respect her in streets. they were angry.
one day a believer asked her politely
-goetia! people are asking is this pairing legit and allowed by creator? is it only allowed for you, or is it for all people?
she came herself and had a small talk for them
-first, creator didn't and will not give me some special privileges. for creator, i'm just a creature like you. second, creator have told in his ancient scripts that the nin, the human child is born from animals and will be the viceroy of creator on earth! third, creator haven't forbidden pairing between impures of different types. he just have made it unfruitful and don't recommend it! but, is every pairing fruitful? there is even many pure pairs that can't reproduce! do creator have commanded us to have children? do creator have forbidden us from adopting a child? do creator have forbidden [pause] love? then why he have created it at the first place?
that believer said
-did you heard people? this pairing is not forbidden or sin! but badmouthing and backbiting an innocent girl or judging others on behalf of creator is!

in the eden problem was a bit different. they were not that sensitive about pairing rules but on the other hand, they were sensitive to sabertooth. he was the most iconic man of city and there were an unofficial unannounced race between girls to pair with him. even girls that didn't liked him personally, mostly because he is an impure, were participating in this race not to win sabertooth, but not to lose to other girls.
in the meeting of town hall, stalwart announced that he will pair with baaldr goetia and invited the council members for celebration and ceremony. soon this new broadcasted with telephones and radio and newspapers. girls started to fuss about it and blame his decision. it was very hard for them to lose to a villager girl from a lowly family who had been considered inferior and had been expelled from eden. this is insulting and humiliating.
tomorrow one of the members of conceal mentioned that this decision may affect the next election, which is near! all members told that they have heard objections, either form their family or relatives or people. stalwart became a bit angry and said
-for my personal life, like my pairing, i decide, not voters!
they knew he is stubborn and decisive and this matter is not negotiable. indeed he was somehow right.

following days sabertooth accompanying baaldr were showing up in streets and markets, shopping dresses and stuff. gradually people became fund of baaldr since she was fair, sincere, polite, bright and shiny like sun. she was way afar from what they expected from a villager girl. gradually people understood why sabertooth have chosen baaldr, even some people were suggesting baaldr may deserve a more befitting man, and may be fit for a pure young man. 
they held ceremony and celebrated their pairing and went to their house.
tomorrow noon, for dinner, they had kebab with rice. when baaldr prepared the platter, sabertooth hit his lap wtih hand and said
-come here and sit on my lap
she blushed and averted her eyes, and went and sat on his lap. he patted her hairy head, then bit her horn. baaldr said
-what are you doing?
-does it hurt?
-no! i just asked what are you doing!
-we must bite hard things to toughen our teeth!
-then don't bite too hard. they may break!
-do you like to have horn?
-i think they are kind of beautiful and special! do you like me to cut them?
-of course not! i love you just like this!
-thank you! then what do you were biting before?
he took out a skull of a goat. baaldr looked it with a creeping and disgusting expression.
-i were biting its horns.
-then please throw it away and bite my horns.
-ok! wow such a delicious dish! let's eat
they started eating from one plate, platter to be precise, but it was plate for sabertooth since he was very big and baaldr was like a child on his lap. sabertooth ate kebab and baaldr ate rice. after they ate, baaldr leaned back, she was enjoing and yet a bit shy. saber tooth put his hand from table on her lap and said
-wow, such a meaty hips! it seems delicious!
-for kebab?
-we will see! if you are a bad girl, i can eat you!
-please don't eat me! i will be a good girl, and i make kebab for you!
-ok! then what to do with these meaty hips?

baaldr were now the queen of the eden. she was respected and popular and beloved. she were using every opportunity to invite people to obey creator and be faithful to his commands.
many people in eden, including majority of pures were living a free and prosperous life with unlimited pleasure and sensuality. they had free pairing with multiple pairs and since they were controlling reproduction with medicine and devices, they were considering their behavior justifiable and not harmful.
gradually baaldr influenced people, specially majority of impures and younger pures to stick to ancient commands and her new preaches. some people leaved their unrestrained life style and chose to live a traditional life with one pair. they typically were declaring that baaldr has gave them a new life and it seems they have born again.
at first, people were not that sensitive to baaldr, and thought they may be harmless and innocent and live their own life, like baaldr herself. but it was a naive assumption. the organic work came back to the daily conversations, and every day were heard increasingly. believers were forming a cult, supporting each other and preaching, warning and insulting organics.
pures had some sort of cult for themselves, gathering at night for party, then holding a session in a private room. one night when they gathered, they talked about how intolerable their society have become, and how many pressure and insult they bear everyday. after talking in public, men went their private session room. their leader, Sullivan adams were young but smart. he was a member of council
-as you can see my friends, stalwart is expired. many years ago he did a great jon expelling a noticeable portion of animals from the city. we were suspecting that those idiots will gradually die since they are neither as smart as us, nor as strong as pure animals! but we take them low. those cockroaches and rats were tough, but even those herbivores survived, and not only they made an eden for themselves, now they are occupying and dominating our eden! i think in no time, they expel us for bing organics!
gerhart, who was wiser but a little indifferent and cool, said
-now you are look us lowly! maybe they are not that unworthy that we assumed, but i think we are way beyond.
vlad, the oldest man and conservative, said
-Gerhart, don't be cocky! meadow, cesspit, cockroaches, supreme roller, flies, rats, mooshe zesht, and ants and their queen! we have a lot of problems!
martin, the youngest man and extremist, said
-why you don't mention baaldr and sabertooth! they are biggest problems and right in front of our eyes!
diego, the general said
-why we prolonged and added up these many problems?
benedict, the priest said
-we are suffering from lethal sins, sloth, gluttony, lust, pride, greed, envy. or maybe the opposite, and we must complete our collection with wrath
gerhart said
-i'm afraid that wrath won't solve our problems. thinking and planning will
Sullivan said
-vision, resolute, intelligent. we will dominate the world with these. we were naive that we thought coexist with impures. cat girls are delightful, even that goetia is appealing. ants are nearly free worker. maybe you are right diego. our lust and greed led us to this point
lewis, man of law, said
-i think we are in an emergency situation. we must take action quickly. and i presume it should be with wrath! i'm perfectionist and i like to complete the collection. what about the meteor-rain jack?
jack, the scientist said
-fortunately it is nearly ready! only resolve is needed to use it!
diego said
-give it to me and will show you the resolve
Sullivan said
-don't haste my friends? do you want to add haste in your collection too? the situation is not yet out of our hands. impures care about dignity and justice. we can not dirty our hands publicly while we are minority. we need to find a replace for sabertooth just like before!
martin said
-now with baaldr, he is the most popular!
gerhart said
-why you worry about baaldr while all of us know that she is a fake, like that turd roller and mooshe zesht! in no matter of time all of liars will fight over who is truthful!
vlad said
-but if stalwart will have an unsuccessful fate, who will replace him?
jack said
-an idiot
benedict said
-fortunately or unfortunately we have infinity resources of idiots available.
Sullivan said
-not every idiot is suitable for this task, the most smart idiot is needed! and don't worry, he is ready!
lewis said
-who is he?
Sullivan said
-who is a good substitute for a tiger? except a lion, if you want to improve!
gerhart said
-so you really want to complete your collection!
they laughed. Sullivan said
-we are pure, and perfect, and we love pure and perfect!

____________
# wrath wars
------------

people of eden were more enthusiast of baaldr goetia, for several reasons. one reason is that they felt a void, for something to believe, something to stick with, some group to belong to it. second reason was that they were had extra time and resources to spend on something. and their third reason were that even they were living in welfare state, but the unequality and jealousy of richer people and humiliation of bing a commoner were reasons to stick to another values except wealth and beauty and usefulness. when you can not eran value in a value system, like when you are not beautiful in a society that admires beaty, you must stick to another value system that qualify you as worthy.
baaldr talked about creator and that people are worthy if they obey the creator and being clean, truthful, faithful, virtuous. unlike wealth, beauty, power, usefulness, these values were attainable by commoners, which indeed were majority. in eden they built great temples, called goetic temples.
the construction of the second cesspit ended. they moved buffalo and ox herds to new meadow. as expected, it didn't helped ending the dispute. many cockroaches and rats moved to new cesspit, but still they had quarrel for old sacred cesspit! still caockroaches were considering themselves the owner of all cesspits and wanted rats to leave cesspits and get punished for killing cockroaches. still there were terrorist attacks to eden.
meadow were peaceful. they moved the gas of the sewers with pipes to eden to use for cooking and warming in exchange of communication lines and building roads and infrastructure for using cars in meadow.
meanwhile time for new election came. baaldr and stalwart liked to live a peaceful life, so they didn't candidate themselves for mayor election. richard braveheart, the nin-lion were a new young ambitious candidate. he had a talk in the town hall, were baaldr and stalwart were present. he said
-dear people of eden! today eden is in the closest state to our promised eden in history! now we have a ambassador of creator that help us live a good life, a content life, a clean life. now we don't live submerged in bullshit. now we don't die from the plague. now we live together, pure and impure. we respect each other and progress hand in hand. or hand in claw
audiences laughed
-we are no more organics. we are believers. though some people like me have multiple pairs because of half of my nature, but we have family and don't pair around casually, thanks to the baaldr and her temple. all we see is hope, faith, progress! but dear people! beware of danger! don't be naive and weak! the enemies are stronger and closer than you think! and they don't want nothing except that we live in cesspit like them! and now i ask you, people, ms goetia! is bullshit edible? do nins eat bullshit?
people remained silent, waiting for baaldr's answer! she said
-maybe, they are respecting to their half nature, like what you said
-but baaldr, even a male nin can pair with multiple female nin in traditions, and it is good in times were they needed population and males were dead because of war or famine or work! but, do nin eat shit? who eat shit? pure, impure?
they remained silent!
-rats can live in desert. flies can eat candy. and about cockroach! cockroach is not even in the nature! it only dwells in cesspit! it is not a product of nature, it is devil, emerged from filth, form shit! is that old turd roller, self-proclaimed as supreme roller, who can't roll a little grain ironically, is he ambassador of creator in shitpit? do creator send his ambassador in that filthy place? is that mooshe zesht an ambassador? how two ambassadors of one creator are fighting each other? is there more than one creator? i think we know the answer! the real ambassador is here, our honor, baaldr goetia, living in promised eden, in pure realm! it is our duty to clean all earth from filth and wipe liars and organics, all evil, all devils.
people hailed for him!
-no one must have a mouth full of bull shit! if they accepted to live a clean life, a pure life, meritorious for a nin, they can. but if they resist, we flush their corpses in the cesspit just like a pure cockroach!
people applauded for him.

.......................

________________
# Sullivan adams
----------------

sabertooth became sick. he was weak. they were far from civilization. their neighbor town was small and their doctor couldn't heal him. there were no choice, they packed to go to eden. they had advanced hospitals and professional doctors.
once they arrived, the guard ants quickly arrested them and brought them to the highest floor of bubble tower. when they went inside they saw 2 familiar faces, sullivan adams were standing straight in the middle of the floor with a majestic dress, and catherine were laying with a sexy dress and sexy pose on a sofa, looking them with her feral eyes.
sullivan ordered to tie sabertooth to the scaffold beside the wall. baaldr said
-What you want from us adams? he is sick. we came to visit a doctor. we don't want to make problem
-i don't want to do anything with ser stalwart! he was a great leader. he started a movement that no one dared to do before him. though he abandoned his position and us, and leaved his masterpiece unfinished. but as you can see i finished it.
then he ordered guards
-all guards! get out and don't bother me at all in any circumstances. wait for my command!
guard ants went out and closed the door. sullivan took a black cover and put in on sabertooth's head
-as you may noticed, we continued what stalwart started and cleaned eden from animals, only held a few useful ones like these ants to serve us.
baaldr said
-by animals, do you mean impures?
-impures? that's a made up word! look at you! you are animals. creator forbade paring with animals. that's sin, disgusting, filthy! a nin pairing with a goat!
-that is a sin! but that's not my sin if i'm impure!
-yes, of course! after we purged animals and purified the eden, first we thought we have made a perfect town, a perfect eden. we are all human, intelligent! but we lost something precious, we lost diversity, we lust beauty! look at that beautiful pussy cat laying there! no human girl is comparable to her. and look at you! even thinking about pairing with a goat is disgusting! but look at you! people think cat is the climax of femininity! but look at you! you don't seem less!
then he went near to grab her. she wanted to escape but he grabbed her and she fell down and he sat over her, and took her hands in both side. she yelled stop! stalwart shouted
-stop you motherfucker! what are you doing
catherine's eyes opened wide and lost her pose and sat and looked with confusion. adams said
-don't fear darling! just relax and enjoy. creator made rules for pairing to control child birth and families. now we have medicine to control them! there is no reason to hold back from this pleasure! 
-you are devil! you want to rape me, creator's ambassador in front of my pair and you think creator will admit this?
-ambassador? do you know creator better than me goetia? do you tell me the same lies you told them? do you play the ambassador in front of me, a nin, a sublime, the real ambassador of creator on earth? didn't he know that those tablets were copies of same ancient rules, an you made up new rules by yourself? do he know that the creator allowed male to pair with multiple pairs? you knew he loves catherine and catherine loves him, but you wanted to hold him for yourself!
stalwart yelled
-i knew everything. now let her go! we will go and never come back
he said
-goetia! you are beautiful, you are wise, you are pure! let them go, they are both cats, they love each other. stay with me and be my queen! be my crown! we can rule the entire world together! you can bear my child, our child!
-you are devil! i prefer to die rather than to be with you! it's better for you to pair with a nin and have a pure child like yourself!
-why you have believed lies that you have made up yourself? do you really believe in ambassador and devil and yet you made up lies and impute them to the creator?
-believing and living with lies is better than living like you pure organics!
-goetia! i love you! if you don't accept my love and like to live with your pair to death, then i can bring his death now! then we can live together freely? do you prefer this?
then he released her hands and drew his pistol and went toward stalwart and put it on his head. stalwart said
-i'm sick and weak. maybe this is the best for all!
sullivan looked back and saw catherine is looking him with her formidable eyes. he ignored her and looked at baaldr. baaldr said
-ok! don't kill him. i will not resist anymore!
stalwart said
-adams! don't spare me like this! if you don't want to dirty your hands, let me do it myself! let me die with honor, with pride!
-honor? pride? these are deprecated and obsolete. these are for animals era! they don't bring value for nins! i understand that it is hard for you, but we have good trapists and medicine. soon you will put in with this situation and you start a new life, a better life! you are a precious citizen of eden stalwart!
then adams went toward baaldr in that moment he heard something fell upon roof. he looked from window and saw the eagle, edward ambitious, nin-eagle, going up and far. then he stood and turned back. he said
-that poor animal are charging to attack me and save you stalwart! but that bird don't comprehend the glass, bullet proof glass!
he charged toward adams, and adams were looking him with a grind! suddenly sally sneaky, the nin-snake, with her meager limbs crawled inside from the roof through the vent and quickly opened the sliding windows, and edward passed through with his ultimate speed and hit the sullivan's chest with sword and pushed him back to the afront window and stuck him  to the glass. but the sword didn't pierced him. he pulled his pistol and shot the chest of edward and edward fell down. he said
-we empty the guard ant viscera and wear their shield! it is bullet proof. i wonder how she eat her mates with these strong shields? 
then we went toward baaldr, while undressing. he took out his ant shield. he had a meager body inside he said
-i may not be as masculine as that tiger, but i'm stronger than all animals! i'm nin!
sally quickly crawled near and wanted to hit him with a dagger but sullivan hit his hand and dagger fell on the ground and punched him in face. she felt. adams said
-maybe i'm weak, but i can beat a thin snake like you.
then he looked and pointed his pistol at catherine!
-do you like to defy me, you wild animal, with that feral gaze?
-do you think you are a match for me?
he laughed loudly and took his head up a bit. in a blink catherine jumped toward him. he quickly pulled the trigger and shot. she dodged and bullet hit her ear but she jumped and bit his troat and took him with her claws tied. he released his hand and took her nape, but baaldr quickly bit his hand and took it off from her neck and hold it. they hold him for a while, and he died. catherine sat and said
-you may be smarter and stronger than animals, but you are not faster than a cat
baaldr said
-catherine. forgive me!
-i'm not angry with you. he loved you. he chose you. what could be done? creator forgot me!
-creator won't forgot anyone!
baaldr tied her napkin to her ear and then they untied sabertooth and helped him stand and took his arms. baaldr asked if sally and edward are ok, they said they are good. sally helped edward. they went out and closed the door. guards took their way. catherine said
-didn't he ordered you wait for his command?
they let them out. they went to hospital and got cured. baaldr, sabertooth, edward, sally, and catherine left the eden to the far mountain island, were baaldr and sabertooth were living.
in the weekend, pure nins held a party as always. they gathered with fancy dresses, ate fancy foods, women talked about ordinary thing they always talk about! men met in their meeting room. gerhart said
-i think we have lost our dear friend, sullivan adams. that's a grief for all of us. we must prepare a new election and have a new mayor.
jack asked
-what happened?
lewis said
-last week baaldr came with stalwart. stalwart were sick, they came for medicine. but sullivan called for them. his last meeting were with baaldr and our former mayor stalwart. after the meeting, baaldr and stalwart were accompanied with catherine, edward ambitious and sally sneaky. they have left the eden. we have get rid of some irritating impures thanks to him.
benedict said
-i think his lust for baaldr killed him at the end!
martin said
-maybe the problem is not with the sullivan, but it is baaldr! now she is gathering gorillas!
vlad said
-do you mean guerillas?
martin said
-a bunch of wild animals with big bodies, a lot of muscle, big mouths, and little brains!
diego said
-i don't think they need an army with more than me to get eliminated completely!
lewis said
-calm down diego. they are harmless. what killed sullivan was idiocy. a
gerhart said
-what killed him was the only lethal sin, the sin of creator and the sin of devil, love!
no one dared to enter the upper floor. gradually they abandoned that floor and sealed it.

in the far mountain, baaldr put the hands of catherine in the hands of sabertooth and paired them. after that baaldr studied medicine to be able to cure disease and don't need to go to eden. they didn't knew if sabertooth and catherine can born children. but soon catherine became pregnant and born a litter. 5 nin-kittens.
baaldr isolated herself. it was hard for her to be around the sabertooth and catherine and their children. but sabertooth was in love with her and were visiting her frequently. when he saw she is not willing to pair with him he said
-we are both nins! not pure but one part of us is nin. i'm sure one day we can have a child. you must not give up!
he never allowed baaldr to become isolated and forgotten.
in their older ages, baaldr became pregnant. it was very surprising and uncommon. but before the child's birth stalwart died. baaldr gave birth to the child but she died. the last thing she heard was that their child is pure nin.
catherine took the baby. it was a girl. she called her elizabeth. but in a few days she noticed that the baby can't see. she was blind.

________
# deluge
--------
john, steve, satomi gathered in the john's room to have a tech meeting. steve opened analytics charts that were showing the population is increasing exponentially and soon the hardware usage will overflow. he mentioned that
-in less than one year not only they max speed of renin time will decrease from more 100x to 1x, but also the memory and storage were approaching the limits. we can increase the resources marginally, not exponentially.
satomi said
-there are several ways. we can pause system and archive it. we can bootstrap it or run on part, we can reset system from a better point. mondai wa mokuteki wa nan desu ka?
john said
-atarimaeda! mokuteki was chouning desu!
-chouning wa nan desu ka?
-we put some random person in one room and ask questions. we put one ning in another room. we talk, ask questions, play games. if no could tell the difference, we are done!
the got surprised. steve said
-is it the right time to tell this? you want to create the prefect A.I.?
satomi said
-first, the target was simulating the economics and politics, the crowd human behavior, then it became A.I. for doing chores and handiwork like farming. now you tell it is the perfect A.I.. do we know what we are doing?
-don't worry. i know what we are doing and where we are going! to be honest, we are beyond expectations. that's why we change the goals. when we started this journey, our path was not visible. we just proceeded. we had milestones, but we didn't need stop and rest. we proceeded. we aimed high and now we are near.
steve said
-but i think now we have a big problem, there is a mountain in front of us. we can't solve the hardware scalability problem.
-we don't need it at all. we are wasting resources. we just need a clearance, a garbage collection session, recycling and freeing resources. today i will do it. i need a titanfall.
-the software is ready. when the hardware will be ready?
-it's already here. yesterday it get delivered! it's still warm, the mindset! titan-tachi, let's fall!
then they went to the server room. john sat and put the mindset on his head. he calibrated it. he created his avatar. he tracked the old danial fast forward, until he went to the cave for praying. then he started titanfall. he went to him and said
-hello daniel, the utnapishtim, the old one!
-hello dear young fellow! what do you want in my cave?
-your cave? i'm afraid that it is my cave!
-hoom! now that you've mentioned, it is not mine. whatever, what do you want here? do you like to pray for the creator here? or you just want rest or shelter?
-no
-then what do you want?
-what do you think i want in this cave?
-i don't know! there is nothing here, [pause] except me!
-exactly
-then what do you want from me? it seems you know me, but if you knew me well, you wouldn't come here and interrupt my sanctum
-after so many years of prayers, you are not respect your creator when you have met him, danial!
his half closed eyes opened as much as it could opened, eyes enringed in his eyes, soon he rained and fell upon his feet and said
-forgive me my lord
he quickly grabbed him and helped him stand and said
-it was a joke daniel
suddenly he froze and put a little tantrum and said
-that you are creator
-that you are disrespecting me
then he again became happy and cried from happiness.
-i'm happy that in my old age you visited me, though i would die soon and visited you anyway!
-danial! here i bespeak you a prolonged life, longer than everyone have lived, for there is a great ordeal you must take over!
-that would be my honer to take over an ordeal from the creator, but i'm old, and senile! what can i do in this age?
-you must invite people to obey the creator! soon i will purge the world, there will be a deluge. only who obeys the creator, and you, my ambassador, will be survived. now listen carefully dear danial, you must create a great sphere, over the holy cube. it must be 1000 steps diameter. it must be sealed from water. you must gather who obeys me. also gather 2 pairs from each animal. you can build wooden stories inside. you must store food for people and animals for 3 days. you have 3 days to gather people and animal since when you insert the last brick of the sphere. and finally! you have 7 years from today to build the sphere. take help from who obeys me!
-as you wish my lord, my creator!
danial utnapishtim went to the people and said he have chosen as the ambassador of the creator! most of the people told that this old man have became crazy and have lost his mind from the senility. some people that were believers asked him for a proof. he told them that there will be a deluge in 7 years, and only the believers will survive. they argued that this is not a proof. he said the if you believe and i was a lier, i will become disgraced, and you just lost your strive to build the shelter and use shelter for other purposes. but if i were right, you will lose your life!
they started to create the great sphere. one believer were a professional mason. he designed the sphere. then other started to create stone breaks and gather them. danial told them
-we have 7 years, you don't need to work all of the they in sphere construction. you can work you family and just spend a part day here.
at first they were a few. gradually they became more. they were ahead of plan and they could finish it sooner, but danial told them to not finish it sooner. he wanted to invite people to the last moment.
after exactly 7 years, they put the last stone and sealed it. that day it rained. they found and fixed some leakages. they started to gather animals. one brought 4 lions with crest. danial raised their tails and said
-these are all males.
one lion said
-of course we are! are you blind? the females don't have mane!
the man who brought them said
-i thought they are 2 different animals. also they were separate. i found this herd living together. from far i saw they are pairing.
danial asked them
-why are you gay?
-we didn't have a choice!
-you are the king of the jungle! the strongest, the most beautiful. you can't find a pair for yourself?
-we don't want to get killed. there is a very strong male who have gathered all the females for himself, it's a matter of time until one stronger came and kill him and pair with his herd. there is a herd of strong females, who were tired of getting widow and then pair by a new stronger male once a while, so they refused to pair with males and pair with each other like us. beside that, our females are not the delicate and frail, they are muscular like us. many are more masculine than males.
-why you don't pair with other animals?
-other animals? i love gazelles, but everytime i tail one, she ran away no matter how much i swear i don't want to eat her, i just want a pair. at last, i bite her to stop her, but unless i kill her, she will not surrender. to be honest when i bite her, i think she is delicious and its better to eat her rahter than to pair with her.
-poor animal! everyone wants to be like you, but it seems you kings don't have a ideal life style.
-my brother suffocated when he were eating a buffalo. his head stuck in the buffalo's butt.
-i thought sheep is miserable!
danial told that man to brought back these lions and brought that strong lion with his females.
that man again brought 2 deers with long antler and 2 gazelles. danial said
-why you brought one pair of them?
-they are 2 pairs! 2 males with antlers and 2 gazelles.
-david! look! these gazelles are male! these are 2 different animals!
when he was checking all animals, he noticed sparrow is missing. he asked david
-why didn't you brought sparrow?
-aren't they the children of chicken and rooster?
-no david! they are a separate animal!
-why didn't you brought mammoth?
-that hairy elephants? first i thought the male elephants are hairy and called mammoth, like rooster. but i found some male hairless elephants.
-mammoth is a different animal than elephant.
-they are big. they don't fit the door! also the sphere is full.
-so fetch the 4 babies
-ok
he didn't found the male baby mammoth!
david told people to gather and bring their family. david had a half-horse child, faras. he didn't believed the prophecy. now matter how much david insisted, he didn't came. he went in dome and told the danial about it. danial didn't knew about that horse. he asked
-david! you didn't know that you shouldn't pair with animal?
-of course i know! i never paired with animals! i have one pair in my entire life. by the will of creator, she born half-animals. also i have a half-donkey, half-sheep and a half-cow. i have continence. i never commited adultery.
-do you have an animal farm david? i mean [pause] forgive me david, don't misunderstand me, i don't mean you family! i mean a real farm with pure animals!
-yes indeed, i have a farm! how did you find that?
-david, i think you've take it wrong, but it don't matter anymore, it's too late. are your other children are here?
-yes! they they are here. only half-horse didn't came.
danial went and saw faras. danial said
-dear faras, why don't you come to the sphere?
-i'm not idiot. i can create a boat, if there will be a deluge.
-but, creator have promised only people in the sphere will survive
-we will see. i won't come. anyway you believes hate us and want us to extinct. it's like it's our fault that our parents have commited sin.
-my dear son, i don't hate you. i ask your forgiveness on behalf of believers. your siblings are also half but now they are in the sphere. that is a sacred land, all people are safe and respected there. i promise you, i won't allow no one to disrespect you in the sphere and after that.
-you believers won't change. you will never accept us as normal people. your strive is futile!
he hesitated a bit then left, said
-then i will go. if you changed your mind, come soon, before we seal the door.
the time came. 3 days after they finished the sphere, they closed and sealed the door. it was raining, entire time these days. but something became wrong, or maybe right, but different, odd. the water didn't ebb. it was like the ground, the soil have become saturated, and don't absorb water anymore. so puddles started to appear everywhere. then they merged and formed lakes. soon ground disappeared. the only mountain in that realm were remained out of water, along with the great sphere, and some tall trees. soon trees and sphere emerged, and there was only the mountain.
john looked around and saw that all people and animals are dying. that was a tense situation in the server room. they were watching the population and resource usages in realtime. soon the steep decline ended and the population became steady. looked around and saw that there is one thing moving in the mountain. it was faras. he was climbing the mountain with a wooden boat. water reached the peak of mountain. faras mounted the boat. he had a big leather and covered himself and the boat under it. soon he hit the something above like ceiling. he put away the leader. there were nothing visible. but it couldn't pass that, while water were coming from up. he was pressing. before the water rise up to fill the boat, he rotated the boat and went under it. there were a little air trapped there. john said
-for a horse, albeit a half horse, he is too intelligent.
meanwhile some parts of sphere leaked and water got in. strong animals helped to cover the leakages. one window in one side of door broke and water came in severely. elephant helped to stick a wood to the hole to stop the water. but still high amount of water were leaking in.
john saw that sphere and horse are in danger, so stopped the rain and enabled the absorb. water started to ebb. faras were short on air but he suddenly noticed that he is no more pressed to the ceiling and so came out from under the boat and rotated the boat again and got on board.
people in dome had some small windows. soon they saw water is lowering. soon there were no water behind the door. they opened the door. there were no corpses. no people, no animal. they had erased.
faras came down and went to farm. 
david saw him and went and hugged him
-you are alive my son! how is it possible! thanks creator!
-danial said all will die but i didn't. he is a lier!
-i think you must thank the creator and believe in him. as you can see all are wiped. even there is no corpse. creator loves you!
he turned back and didn't say anything. his sibling went and asked
-what happened and how he survived.
-we must clean the house and farm. everything is cluttered. i will tell you later. for now keep it a secret. tell no one about my survive. they become heretics to prophecy and danial.
-aren't you heretic yourself? why you care about them to become heretics?
-i think it's better them to be believers than organics! 
smilodons extincted, since males were gay! since then gayness became forbidden.
after deluge, animals never talked again and no half-animal half-ning born. also nins were no more exception from animal attacks and obedient to them. john disable these functions to reduce the resource usage.

__________________
# faras ambassador
------------------
after deluge, the population decreased significantly. moreover, most of danial followers were elderly, and people who were not fund of intercourse. a new problem were that animals were not only no more subordinate of nins, but also they were a potential threat and danger. consequently, population didn't increased rapidly. that was a period of stagnation in renin.
since the david's children were illegitimate animals, and consequently not that intelligent, people made mock of them, specially other children. faras took his donkey brother and cow and sheep sisters along with parents and went to live in a far place, a deserted area, of no interest of nins. years passed and david became ill from oldness and died. not that much later, their mother joined him. they had a hard life. one day when faras came home, he found his sisters are not that well. he questioned them, and they confessed that jackass has fucked them! faras yelled at him
-why you have done this you animal? someone must not pair with siblings!
jackass yelled
-is there anyone else around?
-if there is no one, do you are allowed to pair with your sisters?
ushin the cow said
-he's right. no one's here, and even if there were one, he won't pair with a cow!
-if no one don't pair with a cow then how you born?
they get confused and thought a bit, then said
-what do you mean? we born like this by the will of creator! don't you believe it?
he remained silent for a while, and looked down. then leaved, forever.
faras lived so many years in the wild, in a cave, in the mountain, near a lake. he thought, from morning to the night. he wrote his thoughts. he reached the conclusion that the creator wants to maintain the balance of system, and don't want to grow excesisvely, and also wants people who believe in him and obey him, moreover, creator prefer intelligent, over obedient, like him.
after many years, he went down. he traveled to the origin, to the arc, to see danial utnapishtim and talk with him about the creator, and his thoughts. he went in city with a cloak, since he was horse-headed. city were big and crowded, with a lot of children playing in roads. he went to arc and found that they have turned the arc to the king's castle, and don't allowed him in. he asked guards
-i wanted to see danial. i'm an old acquaintance of him. i haven't seen him after deluge.
-danial died soon after the deluge. and now his grandson, gil is the king and ruler of people.
the other said
-gil has a powerful organ and he have brought life to the world again. he pair with every girl that reach puberty.
-but creator have said that everyone must pair with one person.
-who have said that? after danial, gil is the ambassador of creator. he told people that he is allowed to pair with all to reproduce the population and bring bliss and prosperity after stagnation!
-why you don't pair with girls? why only him?
-because our organ is weak. we can't do it more that several times a year. but he can do it several times a day.
-do have came back to the organics era?
-shut up stranger! who you are? we are not organics. he is the ambassador. he has the holy organ, creator have granted that! the organ of creator!
he mumbled
-that's exactly what organics said
then he went ti visit their old farm. it was there, though it was abandoned for a long time and needed a repair. he thought to pay a visit to his siblings. they were poor, thin, miserable. he asked
-do you know about the danial's death and the king gil?
-no! is danial utnapishtim dead? he was a good man. he treated us like human
-ushin, we are human! we talk. we think. we are just have a different look
-but they don't accept us.
-maybe we can sneak in and live with them. they no more worship the creator. they are now organics. maybe you can find someone to pair, or even pair with this gil. he seems sensual.
she said excited
-are you serious? do you think he may pair with me? with us?
she looked at her sheep sister. then che became depressed
-we are old. he is young. i don't think he get interest in us
then she become excited again
-even if he is not interested in us, we may find an older man. since gil take all young girls, maybe elders are looking for a pair
-don't worry. since he is pairing with everyone, i'm sure he will be glad to pair with some new individuals like you.
they got excited
-really? that's great
Ishaac who was depressed and silent all this time said
-so do you want to brought your sisters for a lewd youngster to pair with them? or play with them to be precise?
he got a tantrum and said
-it is better than pair with their brother
he stood and went out and shot the door, not that hard.
girl were looking him sadly! then excitedly asked faras
-when we can go? do we can go now?
-it's late night. wash yourself and sleep. we will go tomorrow. we must not appear suddenly. we will go and take a shelter in our old farm. we must clean and repair it.
they said good.
tomorrow morning they went and cleaned the farm. girls stayed there. faras went to arc. gil came out. he was a sturdy tall bald black man! he went pair around for a while. girls were waiting for him on windows. when they were seeing him, they became happy and quickly open the door for him. after a while when he was coming back, faras went near. he said
-hello! king gil! may i talk to you?
-hello man! why you have covered your head?
-my face has a problem.
-what do you want? gold?
-no, i just have 2 sisters that don't have pair. they will be gald if you also visit them and pair with them
he smiled and became happy and said
-new girls! that would be interesting!
when they went to farm, faras said
-i will stay nearby!
gil went in. he say to girls with cloaks. he said
-do your faces have problem like your brother?
-yes king!
-show me
they took their head covers. they were animal-heads.
he get confused but was interested. then said
-now show me your body
they took the cloak. hitsujin had a wooled head and neck and legs, but she had shaved her body. also ushin had 2 big pink soft boobs with a brown leader skin.
gil's eyes opened with his mouth. he said
-wow!
and jumped and paired with them. they had a good time.
when he came out he said
-why i haven't seen you sooner! you are wonderful. i haven't seem something like this before. where were you.
-we were living in desert, since we are illegitimate and people hate us. but it is not our fault. our parents also were not malicious people. they were only not bright.
-are you this 3?
-i have a brother called ishaac, he is half-donkey. i'm faras.
he uncovered his head. gil become more exited
-wonderful! do you have pair?
-no king!
-then if you like, you and your brother can pair with me
faras froze, he got confused, shocked, after a while said
-what are you saying king? that's gay
-yes of course that's gay. if you are not interested, that's ok.
-and if i'm ok, [pause] what? that's a great sin! it leads to extinct. do you know about smilodons?
-don't worry. we won't extinct! then i will go. i will come tomorrow.
faras collapsed mentally. mumbled
-what i have done? giving my dear sisters to a gay, to an organic, to a heretic! he is filthy!
then he went in with permission. he hadn't seen his sisters this happy since their childhood. ushin saw him sad and nudged her sister to notice and said
-tomorrow i will to town and find someone for you my dear brother.
he smiled and said
-i was just thinking to went to my cave for a while. can you live here by your own?
-yes of course.
-ok, then i will go
tomorrow gil came there first in morning. hitsujin said
-king i didn't expect you come this soon. i haven't shaved my wool yet.
-but yesterday you were shaved! do you grow wool this fast!
-yes
-then let me see how is your woolly body!
she undressed. he touched her and said
-amazing, too soft i love this
and they had a good time.
girls became happy and well. one day hitsujin went to their desert house to see ishaac. he were there, depressed, sitting alone. hitsujin said
-come to town. they are organics. that gil king has a massive organ but your is even bigger. i'm sure you will have a good time.
-but he is human, i'm donkey. let me go. i'm happy that you are happy with him.
-if you like you can pair with me
-that's forbidden. you must pair with one, and now you are pair with gil.
-but i think the creator has changed the rules and now one can pair with more than one!
-either way, i don't feel like to pair with you my dear sister. thanks for coming. now go back. ushin will scold you.
-ok. but we will be happy if you come to our farm! good bye!
faras thought for one month in the mountain. then he planned something. he came to town, in front of arc. he called people
-people of the town, survived nins of deluge, gather here, i have a word for you.
people gathered, asking each other who is this man with the cloak!
-the great almighty creator have chosen me as a new ambassador, to teach you how to live a good life and go to the heavens after the death!
someone called
-who are you? what is heaven!
-heaven is where the good nins will go after the death. they can live a content life along creator in a place without suffering!
that man yelled
-hwo we can go to that heaven, to the creator's place
-you must obey the creator and also you must think and become wise. you must hear my teachings! you must not pair casually. you must not pair with the same sex. you must not spend you entire life pairing around. you must not obey the gil king. he is a lewd lier.
-but he is the child of danial the ambassador
-he is not the child of danial. he is the grandchild of danial! and so what? does danial said that his children or grand children will be ambassador, or you must obey them since they are obedient of creator? gil king is an organic! he is heretic
someone said
-why we must believe you? why we must consider him lier and consider you truthful? do you have proof from creator?
some other said
-you even don't show your face. i think you are lier
-then i will show you my face! my face is itself a proof from creator!
then he uncovered his head! he had a horse head. people surprised and started to mumble. one said
-so you are a horse! what is special about you horse?
-i'm talking!
he shocked like he understood the miracle. people yell! they were happy thet there is a new ambassador. one old man came up and said
-be silent people! he is lier!
people stopped yelling
-i know him. he is an illegitimate child. before deluge people do pair with animals and born children like this. and all animal were talking. this horse disobeyed the danail utnapishtim and didn't came to the arc. he is heretic! 
he was very old! people didn't knew about talking animals and pairing with them. it was taboo to talk about it after deluge. faras said
-danial utnapishtim the ambassador said everyone who won't come to the arc will die, am i right?
the old man said yes
-then how i survived?
he remained silent
-did you heard, people? i have survived the deluge outside of the arc! that was a miracle! creator saved me to be his ambassador and guide you to heaven! now go and get that organic gil king!
people went and brought him and throw him in front of faras in the square. he said
-your time came, you pervert heretic!
he quickly stood and said
-dear people of the arc! this man is a lier. the true ambassador of the creator, the successor of danial utnapishtim is me!
one said
-he have proved his truthfulness! can you prove? can you bring a miracle?
-isn't my organ a miracle? can you pair with 100 girls a day?
he stuttered and said
-no, but i can fall 100 hundred tree a day. can you do so?
suddenly all got silent! gil thought a bit and said
-we can make a contest to see who is true. you people tell what do you want from creator. then i and faras ask creator for it. whom god granted his wish, will be the truthful ambassador!
someone said
-you must ask creator about your looks. either gil become white or faras become human.
a girl said
-i like gil as it is
other said
-they must ask for the same thing! changing color is easier than changing a horse to human
faras got upset and stood beside a horse and said
-as you can see, i'm not a horse.
someone told
-who can turn soil to gold is the ambassador!
they agreed. they set an arrangement for tomorrow noon.
gil went home. he cried to the morning and prayed for the creator and promised that he will take one pair and live with her alone and will avoid pairing with others and men. he were humble.
on the other side, faras went to the cave and mined a little gold. then he prepared a trick in his sleeve and practiced until morning. he rested a bit and then came to the square. gil also came.
they sat on 2 seats in 2 sides of square. they had a table in front of them an old man, filled a bowl with soil and mixed it in front of people. then poured one fist in front of gil then poured one fist in front of faras. faras looked at gil and saw his is wearing a dress without sleeves, grined and mumbled
-this idiot playboy had a huge organ and a small brain!
then when the sundial showed the noon, the old man said
-now ask the creator to turn the soil to the gold!
faras grabbed the soil in his hand and raised it and prayed to the god, quickly poured the soil in his sleeve, then lowered his hand and poured the gold on the table. the old man went near and grabbed the gold. looked at it and said
-it's really gold!
then brought it and gave a little from it to the people. people checked and confirmed it is gold. then they turn toward gil and looked him. he raised his head and hands up and said
-my dear creator! i beg you to turn this soil to the gold, otherwise i and my grandfather will become notorious and they harm me!
john saw him, and turned soil to the gold. steve asked
-why you did this
-it's obvious. people must discern reight from wrong. a wise one will know who is fake.
after that, the old man also verified that the gil has also gold in front of him! then a commotion formed in the square! faras stood and shouted
-this man is a lier! there is no way that the creator comply the request of lewd and make him his ambassador!
gil said
-the creator is forgiver and merciful! he will accept the penitence from a sinner! if you were ambassador, you would know this!
faras became angry and leaved quickly. he went to the cave. people went around gil and celebrated his victory. then girls took her on their hands and went to the arc, and put him on the throne. then started to undress. everyone was telling him please be with me first. others told wait for your turn, form a row. gil said
-i will no more pair with you! i've promised creator to leave this behavior! creator will punish you for tempting me
they remained silent and covered their bodies for a while. then one said
-but we are aroused and naked! we can't stop now,
then yelled
-take his pants off
and they raided him.
ushin and hitsujin couldn't go near and reveal their truth. so they went home.
gil found himself in trouble. he had promised creator to not ot do pairing again. but now he found that he can't stop this. so he did it again. after several days. he started to visiting girls again.
he didn't know what to do about ushin and hitsujin. they were sisters of faras. he thought they are not related to the matter between him and faras. so he took his courage and went to their house. they become very happy and had a good time.
gradually people noticed the lustful behavior of the gil. boys were jealous and furious about what gil have done, and have grabbed all girls for himself. they secretly created a creed to follow the faras. one day faras secretly came to city. one found him and brought him home and called all of his followers. one said
-gil is dissolute and have deceived all the girls, even you sisters
-i know. i knew from the beginning. but put my sisters aside. they are exception
-what we can do? i think his miracle is done by the satan! he is not right and is not the ambassador
-if you follow my guides, i will help you conquer him.
the renin world was a big square, island in center surrounded with water. when people were in the middle and didn't knew about the sea. the problem about sea was that there were a huge wave that went forward and back, trapped in the aquarium of renin.
faras had found the sea and also he knew about the wave. one day, he with boys grabbed all girls and ran away. when gil found about them, went after them with his army. faras knew a high place near the sea, where there was connected to main land with a low land, which was submerging periodically. when they reached there, faras prayed for creator to open a path in front of them. then water came down and land appeared. they passed the valley. gil came after them, then suddenly water came and tide wiped them in sea. once again he prayed and tides lowered and they came back to the main land.
they came back to the town. boys were happy, but girls were uncertain. faras said
-the word of creator is certain. you shall pair with one. you shall not pair with the same gender.
after a while society repressed. men were not that active. birth rate were low. females were dissatisfied. they gradually questioned why faras is horse-head. why he is animal. why he is illegitimate.
one day during his preaches, one said that
-i don't believe you and that you are ambassador. you killed gil out of jealousy, like when hiro killed saniyo
-yes! you tricked us but he really converted the gold.
-i went to the sea. the tides are lowering and raising naturally. you are a lier!
then people started to stone him. he said
-what if i turn to a human?
all said
-we will believe in you!
-i will go and pray to my creator. either i will die or come back human! wait until moon become complete!
he went to his cave. he knew that this time he can't trick them easily. but he knew that the creator is almighty and can turn soil to gold. so he can turn a horse to human. he started to pray humbly. but also he thought of finding someone to sent in place of himself.
hitsujin convinced ushin to pay a visit to ishaac and pair with him. when they went there, he was depressed. but they played with him and made him happy. they told the story and encouraged him to go to town and pair with girls. tomorrow he went to city. one girl showed him her back through window. he went and paired with her. she found that his organ is even bigger and brighter than gil. soon all girls wanted to pair with him! then they put him on the throne instead of gil. everyday they went to arc and make a row to pair with him. ushin and hitsujin also came. others were insulting them first but ishaac scolded them and gave his sisters privilege. so everything for ishaac, ushin and hitsujin became like a dream.
wealthy girls ordered sculptors to create golden statues from the organ of the ishaac, to use it when they can't have turn to pair with ishaac, an old tradition of organics.
faras prayed and didn't eat for weeks. he was dying.
john noticed a problem. girls was pairing with ishaac, the donkey, and their pairing had no result, unlike pairing with gil. males were weak. he went to the cave with titanfall.
when faras saw hi said
-hello my dear creator! i knew you will grant my wish!
-hello faras! [pause] you are dying. eat this.
john gave him a bread.
-why didn't you took a measure against gil? not even you didn't stop him, but also you granted his wish and confused people. on the other hand you spared my life during deluge! i don't understand! why you do so?
john looked a while and said
-faras! it's disrespectful to ask why like this! are you interrogating me?
-don't i have right to question you? from my perspective you are a sadist who toys with us! don't i have the right to know my creator and know his purpose for creating us? do you like a bunch of obedient idiots?
-why did i spared your life? because i'm yahya! i give life! even if you are not believer! i give life to everyone, everything, not only believers, not only obedient. why i didn't take measure against gil? you saw what happened after him! his presence was beneficial. why i granted his wish? because he begged me humbly and miserably for repentance, while you were intriguing a trick up in your sleeve. you don't ask WHY to understand unknown. you ask WHY to judge me. who asked you to guide people, you self-proclaimed ambassador, you murderer, you trickster, you lier?
faras felt guilty. he ashamed and fell his head down
-then why you came here and didn't let me die?
-i think i've told you, you forgetful!
-now what i can do to compensate for my wrong doing?
-i think it's better for you to do nothing! you make it worse when you do something
-yes! you have right to scorn me. then i can stay here forever. now that i look carefully, i think you are right.
-so you think i'm right? good. do you see the problem? you don't trust me, faras.
-from now i will do as you say. your order my lord
-tonight sleep here. tomorrow you will become human, and you will be called fares. you brother have filled the gil's absence and are pairing around. for now i don't want to eliminate organism completely! take these. this is ginseng and this is saffron. tell males to eat ginseng, and tell females and your brother to eat saffron. these grow in mountain, but you can farm them. also your siblings will become human the day after tomorrow. by eating this plants, you can control the organ and pairing.
-thank you my lord! you finally saved us!
-don't mock me faras! it was your duty to find these plants and their usages. you have mind. you must learn to solve your problems yourself.
-thank you again! every word you say is worthless! i will remember them and write them and spread them among people!
tomorrow, faras woke up and went and see himself in lake. he was human. he went to town. no one knew him. he went to the square and called people. he was not shouting aloud
-people! i came back, with human body! it's me, fares, formerly called faras. the almighty creator made me human. the generous creator will also make my siblings human! he told me that you have become organics and you have replaced gil with my brother, ishaac. he will forgive you, he is merciful! he said you must eat these plants. then you must obey him and pair with one.
people were sceptical. they went and picked the plants and ate them. some cooked them or boiled them. plants were aromatic, so people liked them. tomorrow morning, when males woke up, they sensed they want to pair. they went after girls.
when ishaac and ushin and hitsujin woke up, they found themselves some beautiful white humans. ushin and hitsujin couldn't control themselves. ishaac said
-we shall repentance. we shall avoid pairing with siblings.
they said
-just once!
then they took the ishaac pants and said
-Wow! such a big beautiful white organ!
ushin said
-gil's and your's before were like a big drop of shit! but look at this!
ishaac said
-now that god of made us human, we don't have an excuse to pair with each other. you must find a pair for yourself, and for also for me
-every girl will wish to pair with you! i will be jealous of them! i don't to give up on you!
-don't say so dear!
after playing and pairing, they went to arc! many girls were there, but less than yesterday. ishacc introduced himself
-i'm ishaac, and these are my sisters. as you see, we have became human. creator have truned us human. so form today we must thank him and obey his orders. form today i will not come here to pair with you. i will choose one. who like to pair with me tell me.
one quickly said
-me! me! me!
other also said me. they get engaged. then they raided to ishaac and took his pants and paired with him. after that he stayed home for a while. someone asked ushin to pair with him. and then hitsujin found someone. girls occasionally came for ishaac. but soon everyone found a pair. for ishaac there were several girl who were not giving up on him. so he took many pairs. since he were transformed, people considered him a sacred person and allowed him to have several pairs. on the other hand, fares didn't ate plants and didn't paired to die.
gradually population increased and their knowledge advanced.

__________________
# independence day
------------------
years passed. 2 creeds formed. one creed were followers of fares, faresy, their extremist were living alone without pairing. they converted arc to the holy temple. the others are the followers of the ishaac and his 12 wives. the faresy call the 12 wives of ishaac 12 apostate, because they told the lies about the ishaac and that he is the incarnation of gil. at first, the ishaac followers were less, but since they take multiple pairs and do a lot of pairing and born many children, and force their children to be ishaacy, their population increased.
friday evening, investors came in office for weekly meeting, 5 men and one woman. only satomi where in office. they had canceled the meeting to come unexpected to spy the system. alen, the president of board, asked to have a look at rening world. they went to server room. in the main screen, the looked around in the rening world. world were vast. the temple on the origin took their attention. there were some young girls and boys in temple. they fast forwarded, until night where boys went to bath. rebecca wanted to see. alen said choose quickly. she watched them, then said ok. then they fast forwarded until boys finished and after a while girls came to bath. they watched them. satomi where upset. alen looked at her and said
-why are you so upset. you don't do this yourself?
-of course not. this not a cartoon. they are human, like us?
-like us? we have created them, by our hands, by our money, our intelligence, our effort. why do you think we have created them?
-john want to live with them, bring them to our world to make peace and live a better life, together.
-this john remind me of john the baptist. what is he? a saint? he don't understand that how much we invested and for what? and now you have found the holy grail. do you know how many people around the world commit adultery with under aged, cause trouble for both? now with this we can solve this issue. this is the alchemy! do you want to join us?
-i can't someone must be in here to control the titanfall.
-titanfall?
-when someone enters the rening.
-ok. then lets go. we will go to this temple tonight. we are special guests. the gods of olympus.
-but system is paused until next week. john wanted to hold a special event in the rening.
-then revert it back.
-it's not possible. the volume of snapshot is too high, and takes too long to be made.
-then pause the system after our visit. we don't take too long.
investors took sits. satomi put the mindsets on them. meanwhile explained
-these are mindsets. first there is a calibration. after you learnt how to control system with mind, you can choose or design you avatar. then you dive in gradually. during the dive, your body sleeps here. all controls, superpowers like invisibility, and exit from system are in you HUD. there is a ring in your hand that is like eject or emergency exit. nothing will happen for you event if you die in rening.
-subarashii! that's what you easters say, right?
-yes.
they finished the calibration. now they have a HUD that can control by mind. soon they fell in sleep and fell in rening. alen said to satomi
-you don't intend to lure and restrain us there forever? do you?
-don't worry. this system has no danger at all. even if you get stuck, you eventually will wake up and come out. risk is zero.
-ok. let's go. 
they went in invisible. they played around for a while. they found that they can talk together when they are invisible. they hear each other but other don't hear them. they they went to dorm. alen said
-i accompany rebecca to boys dorm and then came back. you go first. don't use them all. leave me something.
in the way rebecca said
-no one believe your courtesy. why you hide your preference?
-what are you talking about?
she smirked and said nothing.
men checked girls and everyone went to one room. also rebecca and alen chose their boy. then they went to their room and appeared and muted their counterparts. then they told them that they are god and they want to praise their continence with having relation with good. everyone went to 2 or 3 rooms. after they got satisfied they came back one by one. after alen spent time with a boy, he went to girls dorm. he asked which room is not used yet? they told him all rooms are used except the last room, which a thin blind girl lives. they recommend the first room whch wa the room of senior temple girl, the hottest chick. they all went to that room. he went to last room where a timid blind girl were living, elizabeth. he went to the last room and appeared and said
-i'm god and i will please you in reward of your continence, eli!
-where you came from? i didn't hear the door.
-oh my dear! you are blind?
-yes! you didn't know? [pause] can you let me see you? that's the only thing i want! then you can make me blind again.
-i want to give you a very better enjoyment. there is no joy in seeing my face. now come here, dear liz
-what do you want to do with me?
-i want to satisfy you! give you the most delightful experience you can have, and then maybe you get pregnant, and born the child of god
-but creator have said we must only do this with pair
-come on betty! i'm the god. i have created you. trust me.
-i don't think you are the creator.
-that creator works for me. i'm the king of gods! i'm all-father! i'm zeus! i'm odin!
she said trembling with fear and shame
-i don't get what you say! if you are right, then prove it! let me see you!
-shut up you little mongrel! you want proof from the supreme god? i want to please you and you avoid me? everyone wants to sleep with god! come here now!
-no!
-if you don't come along, then i will force you, i'm almighty!
then he went and grabbed her and throw her on bed. then he went over her, licked her and slowly kissed her and said
-what do you think? wasn't delightful?
meanwhile she drew a knife from her waistline, then suddenly hit it to his neck. he immediately vanished.

he woke up in studio, just like waking from a nightmare. he were soaked in sweet and gasping. others were wake already. they asked
-what happened?
-you didn't see?
rebecca said
-that's not proper to watch others affairs. i hope you don't watch me when i go in.
-ok! i didn't mean it.
then he breathed heavily and said
-that retarded girl killed me.
-oh, such a tameless girl! you can catch a girl even if you be a god!
she laughed.
-anyway, i think we have reached a point that we can release a limited product for special customers.
one said
-surely! that was the best experience i had in my whole life. those poor girls were thinking they are giving service to god! they were waiting for a miracle and they thought we are miracle!
other said
-yes that was definitely good. but those poor girls didn't knew even what to do and how to do it. first i taught them. one were praying for my dick, like it is sacred!
other laughed
-yes, that poor girls are all virgin and pure with wierd beliefs. i think it is better to prepare some girls for our customers.
alen said
-that's the selling point. do you prefer to do it with a normal girl, or professorial girl, or a temple girl?
-that temple girl was great. but i think a normal country girl also is good. but you are right. the temple girl is the best.
-ok! let's call john and set a meeting tonight
rebecca said
-tonight?
-yes of course! after years of digging we have reached the oil! we must start pumping it. even it is late. the product is prefect. isn't it satomi?
satomi thought and said
-i think there is some problems and limitations.
-i understand. you can continue your development. meanwhile we bring some special customers. this way we can inject more resources. we are draining. we must hurry.
all said they are agreed. they called john and steve. satomi paused the system.

evening, john came. a truck came to studio and delivers six boxes. they put them in the manager parking which was behind the meeting room. before going to meeting room, checked the system with satomi and steve. he watched the records. satomi were ashamed. she said
-this is my fault. i must stopped them.
-why didn't you call me?
she were stuttering
-they, pressure me, threaten me.
-i don't know it is my fault or yours.
-that's obviously my fault. if i have told the truth...
-i'm guilty too. if i hed told you i know...
she get surprised
-did you know?
-from the moment you walked in and talked to you. what do you think about me?
-then why didn't you told me? why didn't fire me? why you ignored it?
-i mistook. i felt pity. now i face its consequences. don't worry. i'm in charge here. i will take the burden.
then he and steve went to the meeting room. meeting room were a separate glass room outside of the studio connecting to main building with a glass corridor. john was mad. he sat on the last seat. 2 sides were others, in front of john was alen. steve were right of john, right of him were rebecca, teasing steve.
alen said
-congratulations...
john stopped him. alen gestured with hand, here you are.
-here, saint john, the creator!
-I'm Johanan.
john remained silent for a while then grabbed cry mask from inside of his coat and wore it, then pulled his magnum and shot them one by one from left to right until steve who was covering his head with hands. alen quickly jumped form his sit and dodged the shot. bullet hit his seat. after john shot all of them, he said
-you mother fucker maniac are done! you were assure of your accuracy, you arrogant dick!
john were looking him with a maniac face. alen started running out toward his car, witch was in parking lot behind the john. john pulled the his other gun and shot his back from the glass. steve covered his face with his hands again.
-moo ii!
satomi ran and came in, and froze. steve said
-what you have done john? you ruined everything.
-nothing is ruined. everything is fixed. everything is as expected.
-do you have lost your mind? you have killed 6 people, our investors. we will be in jail forever.
-don't worry. just give me hand, you to satomi chan please!
they went to parking and opened the boxes. they where investors. john turned them on. they stood strait. they were robots, but you couldn't tell by their appearance, but by they behaviour. when all got ready, john told them
-please dig 6 holes in the garden there that can fit these boxes in with 1 meter soil over them to the ground.
they went there and dug holes with the shovels that were there. then john told them
-everyone pick the belongings of your similar body, then put the bodies into respective boxes. finally put the box in the hole and fill the hole. everyone did so. they asked
-what to do with extra soil?
-it is not a lot. propagate it and flatten the garden.
they completed the tasks perfectly. meanwhile john wiped the bloods. then he told them to move chairs to warehouse and bring new ones. he said cover the old chairs with wraps of new chairs. then they gathered in the tech room, where the interact with rening. john said.
-everything went as planned, except the broken glass, and it's not a big deal. now we need to do final step. we must install the character of investors on these robots. tell robots
-please take seat and sleep.
they sat and slept.
-steve, satomi, please install the mindsets on them. 
he sat behind the main console himself and did the job. then one by one they woke up. they get surprised when they saw john there.when they all woke up one by one, john told them
-do you know who you are and what should you do
they all said yes.
-then, now go home. tell you relatives that work is going well, and next week come for weekly meeting as always. if you think someone may suspect your change, go buy the same dress you were wearing this morning.
then they left. 
steve and satomi were confused.
-oh! such a hard day! satomi chan can you bring coffee?
satomi brought coffee for them.
-we had 2 separate studios. only me and investors knew about it. the other studio were for hardware. we created the realistic bodies to use with nings, konings to be presice, kokoro-nings. also mindset take a snapshot of mind before someone enters the rening. so we can replicate the real humans on the kanings, karada-nings.
steve said
-i can't believe this. like i'm in a dream, a nightmare indeed. who are you john? what are you doing?
-i'm creating a better world, is what i like you presume
-so your goal is not to create a better world.
satomi said
-i always thought you are a good guy, a saint, a hero. i thought you value human, life, even nings. now i think i'm talking with the incarnation of evil, the devil himself. all this time you used us to process your evil plan, to replace people with your puppets, and rule the world!
-sekai seifuku ka? that's what many of you eatern people wish for. but i'm afraid that i don't care about the world and ruling it.
-for you, i want to bring the salvation, the bliss, shiawase!
-why are skewering us? why you don't say your true intention, and just tell us to believe a lie
-satomi chan! i'm not lying. i just don't tell you the whole truth. i have an intention for myself. but i don't want to use or misuse the others to achieve my goal, or even be indifferent. i think of a system were all of individuals live a good life, live as they want, as they wish. do you think it is a lie? don't you trust me?
-how i can trust you while you have killed our investors like this and now you are so indifferent, like nothing happened.
-did they treat you humanly? did they treated ning humanly? did they respect our contract? did they respect me as the leader of this establishment? i executed them for the act of treason. for what you have done with you and the nings. it's my duty to protect you.
she get confused and fell her head down and emerged in thought.
steve said
-so, if we were to live, just kill us and replace us with kanings?
-hear yourself steve. you are mean. why do you think this lowly about me?
-you have done so in front of my eyes. then what's you plan?
-adding human mind to kanings is a tech for emergency cases now, but at it will be for eternal life. the way that they seems like slaves of me is removable.
-so you are looking for eternal life? naruhodo! it seems more reasonable than sekai seifuku
-why you are this willing to find my target?
-we are riding in same boat. we must know were we are going
-we are not together forever. our destination for this journey that we are together is to recreate the human, rening. they must be better than us, they must help us live a good life, they must help us conquer the world, wars, poverty, pollution. [pause] do you trust me?
they remained silent. then john stood, and said
-today was a hard day for us. we need some rest. why don't you go to honeymoon? studio will treat you.
satomi said
-did you know, [pause] about us?
-i'm the leader. that's my duty to observer and take care of people here. i'm not perfect. i have shortcomings. but if i couldn't tell who loves who i were not fit for this position. don't look me lowly.
she shamed and blushed and looked down.
-and of course one final thing. don't come here again in the boy disguise. ok?
-ok
-i will see you next week. if you don't want to accompany me anymore, at least come to say goodbye. don't worry i won't kill you and put your minds in kanings. if i wanted to do so, i would do it today, along with them.
then they left the place. satomi looked back before exit and said
-you are hard to understand, john
-like god! [mumble] godlike

_________________
# saint Elizabeth
-----------------
the next monday, john came and resumed the rening.
3 men from a far realm came to see the prophecy, the miracle. there were a commotion in the temple. they had some souvenirs for the high priest. one who did understand their language went to aks what's going on. when he returned, his companions asked
فهمیدی چه خبر شده؟
مثل اینکه خدایان زنن به صومعه همه ی راحبه ها رو حامله کردن رفتن. یکی از راحبه ها هم که ولد چموش بوده یکی از خدایان رو کشته، چون کور بوده و خدا اونو بینا نکرده
عجب تخسی بوده
خوب پس معجزه ای که قرار بوده رخ بده این بود؟ این بیشتر فضاحت و رسواییه تا معجزه
آره. حالا فعلا باید صبر کنیم ببینیم نظر کاهن بزرگ چیه
high priest went to meet the girls. they where all happy and excited. they were chatting with each other and describing how was their experience. they were very shameless about that since they were thinking that god have chosen them.
high priest were depressed about what have happened. he asked
-where is my dear elizabeth.
girls responded with sarcasm and scorning
-gods don't fuck blind
high priest asked
-someone go call her please. a couple of girls went to her room, knocked the door. she didn't answered. they went in. elizabeth were sitting crumple in the corner of room with her knife in her hand, trembling
-elizabeth! what happened?
-i killed the him. it was not the creator, it was the devil. do you see the blood everywhere?
-there is no blood anywhere. did he came for you too? why didn't you accept him?
the other said
-don't you know how enjoyable it were! i was going crazy for always doing it with my finger. organ was soft and hard, it was large and small! it was delicious! it went everywhere! it felt everywhere! i felt god inside me! i want more! i want it again!
her friend said
-don't be organist! we are in temple of creator!
-but what if organist are right? organ gives life. now i want to believe them.
-indeed i feel the same. what is the point of this godless temple!
-close your mouths you heretics, you filthy defiled dissolutes! devil has captured your souls.
-you have lost your chance and now you say this out of jealousy. who will marry you, you blind, and now when god wanted to grace you and fuck you, you have rejected him and killed him. but he will die. pray maybe he come back! now come with us. high priest want to see you.
-i will not come out of this room, until i find my answers.
-i don't think you find any answers in this tiny room.
then they left.

they went and told the story to high priest. priestess got very upset from their impudence and yelled at high priest
-do you want to remain silent against these organist harlots?
one say
-god didn't came to her because she is not virgin. god told me she went in boy's rooms. she is harlot herself
she get surprised, confused, feared, she trembled and ran away.
high priest said
-you all, please abandon this temple. take your belongings and leave here and never come back.
they all went and packed their stuff and leaved the temple. that 2 girls asked what about elizabeth. he said leave her alone. creator will take of her or abandon her.

40 days, elizabeth prayed and only drank water and ate one peace of hard bread they leaved in temple. she fell on the ground in her room. she was weak. she was dying. she mumbled
-dear creator! i tried my best to be a good creation of you, but i were defective, faulty. i don't know i born like this. i'm sure it's not your fault. you can create perfect things. maybe because you knew i reject you. i don't know it was you or not, but i believe it was not you. you treat me gently. you call me elizabeth. i hope i could see after death. i hope i see you. i don't know what is beauty, but i know it is good and i'm sure you have the most beautiful face. i think i'm coming to you.
john went in. he went in her room. she felt the presence of someone but she were not able to say anything and ask who is he. he said
-hello my dear elizabeth.
she answered with a very weak voice that was barely hearable in pure silence
-hello
and hugged her. he gave her a little cocoa milk. then he carried her on his arms to bath. he gently took off her dresses and put her in warm water. then gave her a soft cloth and said
-my dear elizabeth, please wash yourself with this. i will bring some clean cloths and a towel.
she noded. then he came back and sat and put towel on her lap and hugged her and put her on towel and wrapped her in it. then asked
-are you better
-can i be bad, when i'm in the hands of creator. forgive me that i was filthy, defiled. i couldn't cleanse myself. that's a shame that when i met my dear creator, i was not ready, clean, pure, fragrant 
-now you are clean and pure. you just need this
he sprayed her perfume.
-now you are fragrant too!
-what is this smell? i haven't smelled such a nice smell in my life.
-now drink this. it will give you power
and he gave her the coconut juice
-are these things from heaven? i haven't tasted these before
-yes they are from heaven, my dear Elizabeth!
-now i think i'm gaining strength to move. do you want to do something with me? what that devils have done to girls, and also wanted to do with me?
-as you said, they were devil and they did evil.
-i knew that the creator will not pair with creations. creator is single. has no parents and no pair and no child. creator doesn't need a useless creation like me.
-you are not useless my dear elizabeth.
-may i ask you something?
-yes my dear
-why you came here tonight? i was coming to you! do i was dirty and you didn't want to meet me like this?
-you have came so far despite your young age, and have done well so far. i just wanted to ask you do you accept the most difficult ordeal?
-of course i will if you order me
-no matter what it is?
-uhum!
-will you live here, until this world exists?
she lost her smile, she felt her head down, thought a bit then said
-i wished to die sooner and union with you. know that i have met you, i think i can stay here if you say.
-i don't order you. i ask you.
-how i can reject your request. you have created me. everything i have, my life is yours. what's the use of me if i don't fulfill your request
-i have killed all devils. i just you to be the devil, and tempt and deceive people. devil is needed to separate the virtuous from rabble.
she get surprised, a little scared, and said
-as you wish my lord. [pause] but do you think i'm a good fit to be devil?
-i have faith in you
she smiles
-that's funny, when creator has faith to its creation! it's like he have faith in himself!
-this is a tremendous ordeal. and for doing this i will grant your greatest wish
-i don't obey you for reward. i will be content if you just accept me and [pause] like me.
-a fair creator must reward the good deed.
she just went to laugh like she have heard a joke
-is tempting and deceiving people a good deed?
john laughed and said
-you are right! but tempting and deceiving is the obligation of devil, and fulfilling your obligation is definitely a good deed
she remained silent for a bit and then said
-my greatest wish [pause] is i think, is childish, is impossible
-don't look lowly on creator
she quickly answered
-i will never do so. [pause] but [pause] in the holy script, it is said that the creator has no parents, has no pair, has no children
-you are well informed 
she paused and gathered her courage and said loader
-my greatest wish is that, i want to be the pair fo you.
she paused and said
-is it possible
john paused and said
-yes. it is possible. the scripts says that i don't have pair and i don't need pair, but they don't say that can't have pair
she cried from the happiness.
-so when i will become devil?
-you just has another great ordeal on the way. they soon will come and burn you alive. do you think you can endure it?
-what else i can do if i can't endure it? disobey my creator? never ever!
-they are coming. you should get prepared.
he stood and helped her stand, and gave her a stick as a cane. then said
-can you walk?
-yes
-good bye dear
he turned to went out. she suddenly said loudly
-my lord!
-what?
-will it takes too long [pause] world to end?
he smiled and said
-it will end way before than anyone expect!
she smiled.

john went from the dorm to the main hall under the great dome, where the holly cube were in the middle, and people prayed to it. he raised his hands like he has an invisible rod in his hand. then suddenly a warhammer handle like a lightening came strait in his hand, he swung it and hit it with his entire strength on top the cube and the companion cube, the holly cube exploded to thousands of shards and propagated on the vast floor of the great hall! then he throw the warhammer and it vanished soon like a lightening.
pilgrims leading with high priest came. that temple girls were among them. when they went to say their weekend prayers in the great hall, they found a rocky ground, and the holly cube were missing. one girl went closer to see the holy cube base. one shouted
-don't put your filthy foots on the fragments of holy cube.
she pulled back with a long step to not put her foot on the shards.
one shouted
-that's her doing. first she killed the creator and now she have destroyed the cube. she is devil. she is the foe of the creator!
another said
-she is right. creator despise her and have made her blind. she is showing her fiendish and sinister nature.
one older woman said
-when she born, her mother died, and she were blind! she was cursed, ominous. we knew that we must burn her then.
they went in her room. she were clean, wearing clean dress, a clean white strap over eyes, praying. then took her and brought her in the square in front of the holy temple. the senior temple girl said
-this harlot impious god-killer has killed the creator and destroyed the holy cube. we must born her. bring firewood to burn her.
men created a pillar in the middle of the square. they tied her hand in front, then tied her neck, waist and feet to the pillar.
senior temple girl brought a torch and yelled
-today we burn the god-killer. she have destroyed the holy cube and defiled the holy land.
then faced her and asked
-do you have plea?
-creator is immortal. he can't be killed by us. all of his creations is holy, cube or this land in not holier than us, than me, were you are about to burn.
all got angry and started to stone her. she threw torch in woods. soon red and yellow fire blazed and burnt her to the ashes.
-here the devil burned!
-here the devil born.
mumbled someone in her ear. then from her back, elizabeth came by her side, with black dress, black hair, black eye cover strip, a gothic style. her told in her ear
-you don't see me? just like i don't see you. but i can tell who are you and where are you! that's the devil privilege!

_________
# tablets
---------
after 9 months in rening, some of temple girls born beautiful and healthy children. only senior temple girl, charlot, born a boy, who was the most well-born child. her mother called him eugene.
years passed. charlot felt a growing pain inside her heart about what she have done with elizabeth. but on the other side, when he were looking at eugene, he were telling himself that this beauty is definitely the child of god and not child of the devil. but there were a problem, she was the only girl that intercourse with more than one person that night. she was suspicious that there is only one creator according to the old scripts.
every day and night, she prayed to creator to meet her again, but nothing happened. it was also like this for others. so they made up a story from creator and performed it. one day they gathered and told the people that the creator have told them they must convert to ishaacy. that was the end of the faresy creed.
then they could pair with men. the greatest and reachest man of town courted the charlot. 

_______________
# saif al-ensan
---------------
Khalid walid born in a religious socialist military state. he had a sturdy build and an intelligent mind. he was from the hair of the great king and child of a general. his country were leading by military generals, so his father had a political position too. the positions was distributed between the generals, and were rotating their positions to take better positions in turn.
their state and order were led by families, since they couldn't trust outsiders easily and getting the relatives were a safe practice in their tradition. khalid were a phenomenon, genius, strong, beautiful. he were considered a potential leader for their future.
while he had privilege and could enter without special scores, he get accepted by the best university of the country with top score. he studied strategic management in bachelor degree.
in the last year, he married with a daughter of a general. it was a tradition to marry in young ages specially for girls. the bride were still in high school. also they hadn't chosen together. they call it arranged marriage. but just like khalid, aisha were a pretty and fit girl. for khalid who hadn't seen so many girls and hadn't relation before, she was tempting, or she seems tempting, since girls had hijab and there were not much to see, and there were not much what is seen to compare with.
he gradually got interested in philosophy and studied philosophy in master degree. he were thinking a lot! there were something wrong with their lives, their believes. they believe that their believe is the only true believe! do they have the best possible life taught by creator? is the story of fares and ishaac and gil and danial really true?
one day there were a debate in tv about the story of arc. the religious man believed that the entire earth have submerged under water, and all the species were under the arc, and the arc had layers like onion and the current arc is the most inner layer for human, where the bigger layer were for animals. on the other hand, the philosopher were telling that now there are millions of species. emerging new species takes a long time. in that time many of these species were existed. how danial have gathered all species from around the world? he believed that only peninsula have submerged.
once they were talking about ambassadors, and that there is a saying from fares that tells the creator will guide all people with ambassadors and don't abandon them. but there is no evidence that west or east had ambassadors and all known ambassadors are from middle earth. also they believe that the earth is spread from the arc, but the geologists have found no evidence. also believers say that the first human is hitori about 3000 years old, but archeologist have found human-like bodies from 30000 years ago.
khalid read many books and watched many documentaries about these subjects. these types of books are not legal in their state, for ordinary people, or mongrels to be precise. but he was noble and from the upper class.
after getting his master degree he went to military service. of course he was not obliged but he wanted to be strong and be able to fight. one other reason was he had a cold relation with his wife who was extremist about traditions and religion, but khalid were agnostic, and she were considering him heretic and filthy.
there were a movement in the government toward modernism, which was not compatible with old traditions. created and led by the son of the leader, habib. leader, omar albakr was a soft person, not that extremist. it was hard for government to accept him as leader for this softness. since he was under pressure from the beginning of his leadership, he didn't performed major movements against extremists and toward freedom. he knew people are not ready to accept the change. but he didn't wanted to stop his son to move toward freedom. soon khalid joined habib and became friend of him, and a part of modernism movement. neither father of khalid, nor father of aisha were not part of that movement. also for extremest there is no neutral party, either you must be with them or you are against them. so soon government separated to two parties.
and so then third party came. the extremists planed to take king down, and take him hostage to force crown prince be obedient. crown prince and khalid were alerted and knew someday extremist will take an action. so they asked for western army interference. westerns were traders and wanted something in return. the country were wealthy and rich of mines and king promised the 10 times of war duration to give the monopoly of mines to westerns.
extremist formed alliance with local tribes and invaded the capital. king escaped to a neighbor allied country. civil war started. extremist were brutal and barbaric. they were killing all enemies without mercy. soon western army fled to capital before its fall. but extremist soon captured the capital and western army fell back.
since when khalid heard about the contract of western state with king, he became cold about the modernism movement. habib also was not that interested in that contract but he was insisting that is is necessary. at the end, khalid didn't escaped with king, or later with habib, and didn't joined western movement and remained neutral. after the occupation of capital by extremists and many executions and the limiting the freedom of speech and media, khalid went to a neutral region and formed the third party in war with his followers. the main enemy of them were extremists first. gradually they heard of reports about killing civilians, blind attacks, buying underage girls as sexual slaves. these war crimes were commited by mercenaries and private armies and military firms.
khalid gathered his army and attacked the boundary between their region and the king alliance. they were men of deserts and mountains. habib didn't interfered that attack. west central command took action and sent an elite team to take khalid dead or alive. the head of team were sergent sebastian anderson. they were unstoppable and unbreakable. but khalid were smarter. he lured them in desert and took them down with trap explosives. sebastian were the last one alive when khalid came arrived. he told
-sergent sebastian anderson, you are your team were respectable men, brave, smart, strong. i'm sorry to kill you people. do you join and make an allegiance with the free state of ME, ME for middle earth by the way?
-i'm afraid that my duty is to take you in custody if you surrender or eliminate you and your militia. why do you thought i will surrender to you or join your terrorist movement? 
-terrorist movement? you have came from thousands kilometer away to my forefather lands were we leaved for centuries, you kill people blindly, you pair with underage girls and trade them. you treat us not even like mongrels or slaves but animals. then you consider us terrorist and you are the fighter of liberty?
-you talk like that we invaded you to occupy your land. we are here because your king asked us! you think like people in religion war era. if someone commit war crime, we will investigate and judge them by the rules. we don't grab guns and assault and kill.
-king? is he has right to sell public wealth and bring foreign army to preserve his kingdom?
-you were subordinate of him until recently. you easily change party, so you think all are like you. i endure and try to fix problems and improve my party.
-do you think that kingdom were something that can be fixed and improved?
-you don't understand priorities khalid. you are fighting with us, western army, for some accidental injuries and some war crimes, while that extremists are mass murdering people and take them back in time for centuries.
-you can't justify your acts or make excuses by stating that the third party doing worse. they are worse but people choose them, but not you. you are strangers here, intruders, infidels.
-and you can't justify infringing human rights by claiming people accept it.
-so what will justify and act in your opinion, if neither creations nor creator can justify it?
-one people! people as a whole! maybe people here justify executions, put people as a united existence doesn't justify it! every one can feel it if looks deeply inside
-i have master degree in philosophy, and here you lecture me sergent! one people? so you are a perfectionist. but i'm afraid that unity is unreal, sergent. the world is built around diversity, not unity. your strives for unity is futile. you are soldier of a dominance, hegemony, monopoly, yet you fool yourself with this reasoning.
-diversity seems natural, even good, but everyone wants best, wants to be best, wants to be beautiful, strong, like you. you are who enjoys his monopoly. you like to be exemplary. we want to spread our prosperity, you want to hold it for yourself.
-you force it sergent. they see. they can choose and earn what they want.
-we provide the opportunity.
-you are horribly unsincere with yourself! you are not here to provide opportunity. you force opportunity, with weapon!
-providing opportunity with pen is not possible in a dictatorship! is it? you philosopher?
-you are right, then what we can do except to earn it by force, by weapon?
-why your tone is sarcastic?
-because who has right to fight is us, not you! why are you doing here
-fight for you, your king asked! delegate work to professional contractor!
-it seems contractor doesn't care much about the stake holders.
-i told you, you can prosecute your complaint
-really? am i stake holder? maybe, but i'm afraid that i'm neither in contractor side nor employer!
-i think that's what you philosophers call it sophism. you are in contact with both king and us!
-and which party listen to me? sebastian, you are a captive here. you were killing us.
-do you like me negotiate for your requests?
-why not! do you think i'm enjoying this triple frontier struggle? this interlocked triangle?
sebastian anderson came back alone. he negotiated a truce between western central command and jaish al-ahrar. soon, western army accepted to control and minimize civilian casualties in operations, limit mercenaries and treat people more humanly.
a few days later, western army and imperial forces assaulted two separate cities in the extremist territory. imperial forces led by habib had a problem. people of cities were not followers of king and wanted democracy, even led by extremist. so upon the occupation of cities, habib announced that the king will retire and there will be election and republic. that way he could hold conquered cities and proceed the occupation.
the public opinion problem for western army were even harder. people were looking them as the heretic mercenaries of the dictator. after the civilian casualties and also underage sexual workers scandal, most of the people were hating them. but they were professionals. they quickly siege the city, by people resist. there were many armed people in the city. after several days of struggle they retreated, but sebastian and his team trapped and got stuck in their last try to clean the rebels in a ghetto region. while they were low on ammo and injured and had no hope, khalid attacked and cleared the area. when he talked on their frequency, their hope came back. he said
-all rebels are cleared. only one post remained. the southern building, the tallest one, with a mobile antenna. i will climb. you just cover us.
-ok!
khalid went up and found 2 kids firing! one were a girl with hijab. when the boy were firing, she took gun from girl, and then hold her. the boy suddenly noticed and wanted to turn back were khalid punched him in face and he fell. girls struggled. khalid took her hijab and then took her long hair and tightened it in his fist and pulled her near and took the boy from neck and lifted him up while squeezing his throat. the girl were struggling but khalid had her hair in his fist. boy were suffocating while khalid were staring in his eyes. suddenly sebastian came in and shot near him, but he didn't reacted
-you are too noisy to surprise me sebastian
-release him, his is dying. he is kid
-he were killing you. he will kill us if i release him.
he shouted
-release him
and charged toward him. when he reached near and wanted to punch him, he released the boy and jumped toward him with head holding her hair and hit his face with forehead. sebastian fell down
-he is our enemy. he is here to kill us. do you choose to get killed by a boy, rather than killing him?
-you are animal khalid! like they!
-you look down on me, sebastian. you westerners always treat us like inferiors. i understand it's bad to kill underage but do you have another solution to don't get killed by them?
he stood and said
-for now we must retreat. we talk later
meanwhile he stood. khalid tied the girl's hands. they went down. they found an armored car in alleys, seems to be for rebels. they boarded. team were confused about the sebastian's injury and the girl. they asked
-what do you want to do with this girl?
-i'm going to sell her, to whom pay the most! do you want her?
they remained silence. that didn't seem a funny joke. they reached a small temporary base. they treated the sebastian. soldiers filled their ammunition. soon a cloud of dust appeared in the horizon. there were an entire army tailing them. they were packing to retreat. khalid said
-they boy is alive. have told him we have the girl. spared boy's life, now we may have hundreds of casualties
sebastian became angry and said
-spare the girl and there were no casualties!
-don't invade and there will be no casualties! if don't lie casualty, why you join army? i'm going to poke from your childishness and sentimentalism!
-what we can do now? do trading the girl will fix it?
he laughed loudly!
-even giving her away won't solve it. they consider her defiled because we touched her. she will be lucky if they don't burn her.
sebastian scared, his skin paled.
-why you do so if you knew this?
-someone bothered me.
-why you came at all?
-that's my line. now I'm started filling regret!
he paused a bit 
-and that's my line
-i must let some kids slaughter you! all of that who were surrounded you were kids. a kids squad. all killed all of them.
then they said the shots
-you retreat. i will cover you
khalid with sebastian's team covered the base from front, while others were retreating from back. after them, sebastian said
-now it's our turn. we must retreat
-retreat? we are surrounded! you go. they want me!
sebastian ordered his comrades to retreat, but they didn't went. after a while, they became injured and tired. rebels charged to come in. at that moment the western air force came and destroyed their army, and they retreated.
after a while, habib formed another party amongst the struggle. he contacted khalid about the girl they have stolen.
-hello khalid! what's up brother?
-hello habibi habib! kayfa halek? i heard you have created the forth party! the total war are becoming a never ending calamity!
-khalid! is girl alive?
-i think so!
-if i can give girl back to them, maybe i can bargain with them and alleviate their fury.
-my priority is not to alleviate the fury!
-khalid! why you have done this? giving a girl to that organics? is that what a believer do?
-she was fighting us to death! now she is captive. are you asking why i didn't kill her?
-if you give her a knife, she will do that! it's her with!
-yes, a childish wish for a brainwashed believer. i'm sure if they brought her to west, she will live a good life, and thanks creator for being alive!
-is that really what you think about us and our beliefs? she went west and pair around and enjoy her life? as a single mom?
-i'm seek of your image of them created by dictator's propaganda! if you want her, come and earn it!
he hanged the line.
after that, habib negotiated between extremists and king. he promised to take his father's place and give people some rights and expel western army. king was in a pinch. he couldn't accept losing his kingdom in this age. habib were strong and beloved. on the other hand he couldn't pass his country to the extremists and give up on development and relation with west. also westerns had a severe pressure on him to take action. they couldn't allow the birth of an extremist country in this reach lands. so finally they decided to eliminate habib albakr.
tomorrow, sebastian took khalid to eat ice cream and talk. they went to one of city entrance squares to eat ice cream. they came with 2 motorcycles. they bought ice creams and were eating laying to their motorcycles in street. sebastian said
-khalid, habib is joining extremist. he talk like them and act like them.
-and?
-king and western central command agreed upon eliminating him.
-so?
-now he will pass this square, a little while later, and airplane with shoot his car. he's coming.
khalid stared them. their convoy passed in front of them. habib suddenly noticed khalid. they stopped and took off from cars and rounded them and aimed them. habib came and yelled
-take your guns down.
then he went and hugged khalid. khalid also hugged him. he asked
-what are you doing here, brother?
-eating ice cream. this is sebastian anderson!
-i knew him! he is pretty famous, for doing it clean and fast! now you have came for me, brother? that's sad if your hand become dirty with my blood! i don't know what sin we have done that we deserve this end!
-habibi habib! don't look down on us. you know me. i'm not here to kill you, i'm here to save you! both your father and western central command reached the conclusion that they must eliminate you. but neither me nor sebastian don't want you die. we can think and figure a way to create and end that we deserve it!
tears enringed habib's eyes.
-so, at last, my time came. i never told you khalid, but for entire life, i knew that i will die before my father, by his order. that was may fate. i was not like him, so i was destined to be killed by him
-there is nothing called fate or destiny. we can turn the game and kill him.
-yes, but we lose our identity if we do so! the character we have build all along this way!
-is it better for a character to die or a human die? a human can create another character. i know you fill in a dead end way, but you can put everything behind and live a new life. think you didn't have father at the first place.
-the life's movie become bland if i change my role if my character is supposed to die.
-life is not a movie. it's a game. you can change your path if it leads to death.
-thanks for you! it was a pleasure to say goodbye to my friends before death! even though you will come along soon and we will join together again! this world is not large enough to settle great souls!
sebastian said
-you are strange. i would stole you and store you underground to save you if i could do so!
khalid said
-that's the difference between a soldier and a philosopher, a freedom fighter!
habib hugged them and went.
that day operation canceled due to the leakage of information. 3 days later they killed habib. khalid remained silent and inactive. sebastian got arrested.
a few days later, khalid received a video from extremist telling that if he didn't surrender, they will kill his wife and father and his wife's father. he knew that this is a plan to catch him. he couldn't ignore it and there were nothing he could do. so he went and surrounded. they held a show trial and sentenced him to death for treason. tomorrow at noon they went to execute him in a square. there were no one from his family. people were watching. they didn't allow him to talk. they pulled the handle. from far they heard helicopter sound. after a while 2 fast helicopters came to square. they were sebastian's team. people scattered. they shot the scaffold and soldiers from helicopter, sebastian jumped out and went to fetch khalid. he seemed dead. they took him and went to a airstrip in desert. there were a cargo plane. they left helicopters and boarded the plane. no matter they tried, khalid didn't breathed and had no pulse. before the extremist reach them, they fled away. they headed to the west. in the way, they were passing over deep black ocean. soon it became dark, but moon was full. they tightened the body of khalid to the stretcher, lowered the altitude, opened the back door of airplane and threw the body to the deep ocean. at that moment they saw a light tailing them. sebastian said
-so finally our time came too!
the fighter shot them a missile and soon, their plane exploded and fell on the water.
when khalid hit the water surface, he became conscious, and found himself tied to a stretcher, sinking in water in the dark. he quickly opened the belt on his chest, then the belt on the neck then then the belt on the feet. he came to surface and saw a red light, fire. a plane were crushed and its tail were out of water, sinking. he went that way to see if he can find anyone or anything. there were some corpses on the water. they were the sebastian's teammates. he found the sebastian's corpse. he laid on water beside sebastian and stared to the moon.
it was always there, the beautiful moon. but not always with it's best appearance! only once in a month, for several hours, you can enjoy watching this beautiful scene. khalid were thinking how lucky he is, watching this beautiful moon before death. suddenly he noticed shark fins rounding him. he were not scared since he kne whe will die, and he thought at least he can feed some living ones. he looked inside the water and saw maybe hundreds of whale sharks rotating around him. he said
-my dear whale sharks, do you've come to peak me and take me home? can i live with you? you beautiful great peaceful creatures?
the he saw a massive shadow in the deeps. it was very big, bigger than biggest submarine.it came up and become bigger. it was a giant fish. it came upward with open mouth. its mouth was so big that it swallowed all hundred whale sharks and the crushed plane with flames and all corpses and khalid and came back to the deeps. only moon and ocean remained.

_________________
# whale grounding
-----------------

khalid woke up on sands in a shore. when he opened his eyes, there were a little disabled girl with an strange face and head shape, on a wheelchair, with abnormally skinny limbs. she told with an ambiguous voice
-who are you?
khalid thought for a while but didn't remembered
-i, [pause] i'm whale shark.
-you are which one, whale or shark? you can't be both at the same time! [pause] or did you mean your dad is whale and your mom is shark?
-whale shark is a type of shark. it is the greatest shark, so big like whales
-aha! but you have turned to a human!
-i remember my mother took me in her mouth. i was safe there, playing with my siblings.
-probably you saw a dream when you were sleep. you are sleeping here for an hour.
-on the shore? with waves? it seems i'm crazy really!
-i'm maryam, 6! come with me whale shark. that is our master's villa.
-wow! such a beautiful villa!
-we don't go inside. we go to that small room.
-that's also good.
-ah! i think i'm stuck in sands
-like me
-can you please push me
khalid stood and went to push her, but he felt very weak.
-i'm weak. maybe i'm not build to live out of water
they managed to pull maryam electric wheelchair out of sands.
-i'm so hungry, i fill i haven't eat for a week.
-i'm very skinny. beside that i'm cripple. no one eat cripple. they become seek. i don't care if someone eat me but i'm not even good as food. i'm junk.
-whale sharks don't eat human. they eat small plankton. and you are not junk. you are human. human is not junk, is devil. it kill whales and sharks but you saved one! you are angel!
they went in the custodial room. maryam brought bread and jam.
-do you want cheese? i like sweet things.
-it is good.
he ate some sandwiches. he told
-maryam, my cloths are wet and dirty. do you have towel and cloths?
maryam were living with her grandparents. her grandfather were very short and weak. they were not fit by any way in khalid. even the work uniforms were not wearable. he took of his cloths and tied towel. even towel was small. maryam said
-you are more like a gorilla than a whale shark! why you are so hairy?
-i don't know! i put my cloths in sunlight. soon they will become dry.
after putting cloths in sunlight he came in and sat on the table. he felt sleepy and put his head on the table and in a blink he slept. maryam were beside him. his head was toward her. like he was looking her.
maryam's parents came in. they scared to death seeing a naked man sleeping on their dinner table. her father took a knife and went near and took maryam's wheelchair and quickly and silently leaved the room and locked the door. then scaped quickly to main mansion to call police. he asked
-who is he maryam? what he wanted. why he is naked?
-he is whale shark. he was in shore, wet and hungry. i brought him in and give him food. he put his cloths in sunlight to get dry. then fell sleep.
-do he molested you?
-what is molest?
-do he toughed you or hurt you?
-no! whale sharks are friendly and peaceful.
her mother asked
-from where you know it?
-he said so
they called cop. soon they arrived. they went in pointing guns on him. he was still sleep. they arrested him and put handcuff. he said
-i didn't do anything wrong. i just ate and slept. at least allow me to wear my cloths.
they gave him a blanket.
the nearby city with small with a small police station, manging by an old sheriff, sheriff gregory Jefferson. they put khalid in the interrogation room and went and described the info for sheriff. sheriff first talked with maryam and her parents. maryam told what she had told to her parents. then sheriff went to talk with khalid.
-hello! mister... . what is your name mister?
-emmmm. i don't know, i mean i don't remember.
-you didn't have identity cards with yourself, did you?
-no. there were nothing in my pockets.
-so, we found you naked in a room with a girl. even if you don't remember anything, you understand that it is not something acceptable from a citizen, do you understand?
-hummm. not really! my cloths were wet. there were nothing fir to wear. i just wanted to wait for a while to they become dry to wear them, then i fell sleep. what's wrong with it?
-are you from middle east?
-i don't know where i came from, and where is middle east, and where is here. where we are?
-outback! do you know were is it?
-no! but it seems more populated and more modern than an outback!
-outback is its old name when they found it. now it is the most modern state in the world.
-ooo! interesting!
-i think we must brought you to hospital to visit a doctor. meanwhile i will chack for missing reports. but before it, one final question
-what it is?
-do you remember anything?
-i remember i was a whale shark, i was swimming with my pals. my mother took us in our mouth. when i opened my eyes, i saw maryam. i was in shore near the villa!
-ok! thanks!
in hospital they checked him. they didn't found any problem with his health.
at night, when they were eating dinner, sheriff told the story of him with his family. when he told he had a dream of being a whale shark, his son suddenly fell in thought and said
-you told he is like middle east people, and he think he is whale shark?
-yes! do you know anything?
he thought and said
-last week, a western flight have crushed, probably in dark sea. dark sea is one of the main settlements of whale sharks. the dark sea is very deep. they didn't found the plane. after that incident, they also noticed the population of whale sharks is decreased significantly! 
they get confused and remained silent for a while. then he said
-that is not the entire story. the most strange part of story is that yesterday and today, we get a lot of reports about the observation of big sharks near the beach. we investigated, they are whale sharks. this beach had no whale sharks!
now event the mother got confused and stopped eating. sheriff said
-it may be an accident. even if there is something strange about whale sharks, it may be unrelated to that man. he may have heard about them in news and made up a story
-yes, but still we don't have reported anything to news and even our website.
-ok, let's eat. tomorrow i come by your place to check reports.
tomorrow sheriff with his son went and checked the sea. they found about 10 whale sharks in a short time not very far from the shore. his son told him there were no report about whale sharks in this sea for his entire carrier.
sheriff went to meet khalid again.
-hello! how are you?
-hello sheriff!
-how are you man?
-why do you want to know?
-i think, everyone in his life may think that it is not abd to lose memory and start a new life. specially if you have painful memories.
-don't wish for it sheriff
-why? is it painful?
-painful? assume you are here. know no one, even yourself. no family, no home, no friend. loneliest man in the world. that's fearsome, painful, sad, yet i don't feel that way. like i know i must get hurt but i don't, since i'm numb, i'm fearless. i have a feeling that i had a more fearsome and painful memory, so i prefer to remain in oblivion, rather than to remember it! is there any report for missing persons or accidents nearby? is anyone looking for me?
he started crying like missing baby. sheriff felt guilty for asking that, and thought how inconsiderate is he in this old age.
-maryam is calling 10 times a day and ask about you! do you want to talk with her?
-yes, why not! she is my savior!
-i think your savior is ...
-is what? is who?
-nothing.
he grabbed his phone and called the custodial room. maryam quickly answered. she was waiting for call.
-hello maryam, please talk with ... whale shark, i think we must chose a name for him
-i have chosen! eugene
he gave phone to khalid and said
-here, maryam, eugene
-eugene?
then he talk to phone
-hello dear maryam!
-hello eugene! eugene trueman!
-why eugene? why trueman?
-you are tall and strong! eugene means someone with good body, i heard it in tv!
-so why trueman?
-i saw a movie, the man in movie were in a show. he didn't knew the truth, like you!
-huh! yes, i don't know the truth!
-will you come here again? you must come. your cloths are still here. i washed them.
-i think i will come.
-if there is no where you to go, you can come here. i'm alone, like you.
his eyes enringed with tears and said
-you have your parents
-but they are always working. if i was healthy and i had a good body like you, i could help them, so i were with them and they didn't needed to work this much to buy my medicines. i'm sure your parents love you and are proud of you!
he started crying 
-don't cry my dear
-i'm not crying. you are crying. don't cry. come here. i'm waiting for you
-i will come soon. good bye!
-bye bye!
sheriff called doctor hemingway and asked if he can recruit eugene. doctor were worried about he. he may be a criminal or illegal immigrant. sheriff guaranteed and took responsibility if something happens.
tomorrow morning, sheriff picked eugene from hospital and brought him to villa. they met doctor hemingway. he said he need personal guard, driver, and care taker from his parents and newborn. sheriff mentioned that he don't have licence, and for many reasons it's better for him to not do the guard job. he was ok to doing care taker job, if the child is boy. doctor said
-my child is a 6 month boy. can you change him?
-i think i can!
-ok! for now that you don't have identity cards and bank account, i will pay you weekly in cash, and i will give you the first week in advance.
-thank you doctor!
then sheriff went and doctor brought eugene and introduced him to his parents and children, annabelle and alex. annabelle were 9. annabelle didn't liked eugene. after introduction, doctor went to his office, and annabelle went to his office. she said
-who is this guy? he is no like us, he is foreigner. how you can give us to him?
-don't worry darling. sheriff guaranteed he is a good guy, beside that, soon your new guard will come. i tell her to look for him and report any suspicious behavior.
-her? a woman guard and man care taker! what are you doing papa?
-don't complain! give them a chance! know them then judge them.
the parents of doctor were very kind people. they were old but they were relatively healthy and didn't needed so much care. doctor had divorced. the mother of children were not that caring and didn't came to visit or peak children. she was young and had a large age gap with doctor. doctor were a believer with dedication to tradition, while his wife was a young girl with free spirit. she was not a family woman, a house wife and a mother.
lily lee arrived. she was a eastern girl. she were kind of cute and petite. but she was champion of martial arts and a sharp shooter. despite her serious look and job, she had beautiful makeup and hairstyle and dress, crimson lips, black hair like silk. doctor brought her and introduced her to parents and children and eugene. she didn't handshake them and just bow them, that's eastern tradition. she introduced herself
-hello! i'm lily lee! nice to meet you
-hello! wow! that's a mouthful of lee! i'm eugene trueman, and i'm also nice to meet you too!
despite that she didn't wanted to show the interested, she sensed a strong attraction to him that she couldn't hide, since he was tall, strong and the most important, he was from middle east. people of middle earth and east are more familiar with each other compared to people of outback.
-hello [pause] eugene,[pause] trueman [pause] san!
she said eugene with a special pronunciation, prolonging first syllable and shortening the second. then told his surname since she felt it is too intimate to call him by fist name immediately. eugene said
-eugene is enough. and also, i think the way they pronounce it here is that they prolong second syllable not the first!
she smile and said
-yes, of course i can tell! our language is sensitive to pronunciations. i intentionally pronounced that way. eugene means friend in my language with that pronunciation.
eugene lost his smile and fell in thoughts for a moment. the friend word was something provoking in his memory! lily felt bad and said
-sorry if i said something mean, i didn't mean anything.
-no not at all! i just, it just provoked something in my mind! by the way what do you meant by son?
-it is s, a, n, san it is a polite way to call people and means like mister or ms. eugene-san, means mister eugene.
-but you were to omit it.
he said it with a sly smile! she looked down and blushed and understood he is teasing her. she didn't responded.
she was too serious with them and didn't felt friendly at first. after introduction, she went out. guards typically stay in yard. when she turned back to go out, annabelle mocked her and eugene noticed and smiled. after that, he asked
-are you jealous?
-jealous? jealous of a guard? an immigrant? i'm lady of the house and she is my servant. why i must be jealous of her?
-i just though, maybe you think your father may fall for her.
-soon i will make him fire her!
-it's like you are jealous in place of your mother! has your father an interest in easterners?
-my father has an interest in foreigners and miserables. he gather them around him! did you have seen maryam and her parents? they are foreigners too!
-i kinda felt insulted. by the way, what's the problem with people who have born in other realms, with different look and language? why you don't like them?
-they are thieves. they talk good to you but when they are alone, they badmouth you! they don't know manners. they are impolite, wild, and when they talk, you don't understand anything and they don't understand anything! they are idiot!
he laughed
-i think you are exaggerating. foreigners typically have accent, but after a while you understand their accent. and also they can learn your manners, by watching, or if you teach them. some people are smarter and some are not that bright. i don't think foreigners are less smart in general.
-do you like that girl?
-i don't know her. i just saw her for a greeting. why you ask?
-if you become her boyfriend, then i will become relaxed, and i will not worry about father!
he laughed again!
-dear annabelle! your father have right to have a girlfriend or wife if he have divorced your mother! you can not hold him in isolation and prevent his encounter with girls. do you like to preserve him for yourself or your mother?
-that's non of your business! that's because i say foreigners don't know manners! my father has responsibility toward us. he can't replace any girl he wants with my mother! he must also consider our feelings!
-of course he will consider your feeling. if you have doubt, you can tell him directly! i'm sure it will make you feel ease!
-i told him, but he said i'm a child and i don't understand the adult's feelings.
-he is somehow right! when you are a child, you don't understand many things. but it is important to learn to live at ease, without unreasonable worries! it is not rational to be worry about a girl that you just met! maybe she have boyfriend or even she is married!
-she didn't have ring.
-not everyone wears a ring, specially easterners have their own traditions!
-women has a special sense. i know she is devil and will deceive my father. i read it in her face and eyes. why a guard must be this flashy? you must help me get rid of her as soon as possible!
-that sounds evil! i won't help you do so unless there will be evidence that she has malicious motives! you must not judge people by their look!
-i told you that i have a special sense that you don't have!
she became angry and went out!
3 days later, locals called police for finding a strange thing in shore. when they told sheriff and asked do they must check it, he quickly picked his coat and hat and gun and he went himself. it was surprising for his colleagues. he went and saw what locals have found. it was the vertical stabilizer of a western army plane. he quickly searched the model of the plane that have crushed in dark sea. it seemed matching. he called the coast guard. he told them that this is matching with the crushed plane in black sea. for a while they thought what is the relation but at the end they didn't found any relation. sheriff asked for an investigation with radar. thye agreed since it was for a plane and it was reasonable to look for the plane. sheriff went with them. during investigation, they noticed some big fish, whale sharks. they said that it is strange, and they have never seen them before. after several hours, they found a suspicious object in depth. it was in a very deep part, nad it was not identifiable. since it was not reported before and seemed new, they called for a explorer submarine.
tomorrow they brought an explorer submarine to investigate the found object. after they sent the unmanned submarine to the depths. from the video it was completely obvious that it was the same model that have crushed in the dark sea. it was completely fresh since there were no sea weeds grown around it. but obviously there were no plane crushed for a while in that area. when they asked sheriff what he knows and why he was pursuing this case, he said
-my son in the geography station, have found some dark sea whale sharks recently, and an imperial air force plane is crushed in dark sea recently.
sheriff investigated the crushed plane crew but he didn't found public announcement about casualties. so he called the federal police and gave them reports and footage of found plane. he asked if they can take a list of crew from western army. when they asked for reason, he said they have found an identified homeless near shore, and he may be one of the crew, though he didn't have army uniform. tomorrow they called him and gave him the list but asked him to hold it secret. khalid were not enlisted. but he investigated about sebastian anderson. gradually in the news he found about habib and his not that famous friend, khalid! it was said that khalid is executed by his father and father-in-law, but he didn't had the scars on the neck!
after a while, sheriff went and met eugene again. he asked if he have remembered anything. he were still in oblivion. after that, sheriff went to immigration office and requested identity cards for eugene. after a while eugene received identity documents. maryam said to celebrate they should go to restaurant for dinner!
with identity cards, eugene registered to get a driving license. they didn't drive around to much, and for now lily were driving. but for security reasons, it was not ideal for security guard to also drive, though she were claiming that she is a professional driver and it can be beneficial in emergency situations, but only in emergency situations, not always.
lily helped eugene learn driving. soon eugene got his license. the next weekend they brought children to park. it was annabelle, maryam, baby boy, grandparents, eugene and lily. eugene had became friend with annabelle and convinced her to be friendly with maryam and not to be racist. but annabelle had something else in her mind. the next week she insisted to go to another park, but this time she wanted to be only her, baby, eugene and lily. when they were going to park, they were like a family. even if they were not, but it was an interesting experience for them. but for annabelle it was something bothering. she wanted to be the daughter and the wife at the same time and it she was jealous of lily. so in the way back, she insisted to seat in front seat, beside eugene. but no matter she tried, she didn't looked like wife! she is child!
neither eugene nor lily were not that talkative and friendly. but they had a filling for each other, yet both tried hard to keep it secret. they did their job seriously. lily and annabelle were like oil and water. lily knew that a professional guard must not have emotional bond with protected person, since both are in danger. but annabelle were kind of interested in eugene since he was strong and tall and also he was smart and kind to her. one reason that annabelle didn't wanted lily was that she were sensing lily likes eugene and even it is not unrequited. so she was jealous of lily. at first she was interested to pair lily with someone like eugene to preserve her father, but now she didn't wanted to lose eugene either.
eugene were like a whale shark, sturdy, calm, peaceful. lily were a cat, small, cute, beautiful, yet fierce, fast. one day doctor called eugene and lily to his office. they went to office. doctor were not there yet. it was not common for them to be alone. lily were a bit awkward and shy. for eugene it was first time to see this side of her. then doctor came. he said
-hello! i called you here to have a talk about something about you. you have done a good job in past months. it was not easy for me to recruit some people that can bear anna and anna can bear them! she is sensitive and now that you have passed the trial period, i want to ask you to improve the situation and yourself. i think it is safer for us if eugene can help as a security agent and be able to carry and use gun, and i wonder of you lily can help him and teach him. i don't like to put you under pressure. so tell me if you don't think it is a good idea
they looked each other. for lily it was a bit hard to look at eugene's eyes. she tried to answer without stutter
-i think that's a great idea, albeit for me. i will fill easier if i had a help in security. that depends on the his decision
-of course i will pay you to compensate your extra service specially for you eugene.
eugene said
-i will be glad if i be able to protect people around me!
-ok! good! then please make a plan and tell me about it. and take a money for stuff you need from accountant.

## travel to the empire island

6 month passed. it was annabelle's birthday. her birthday were 2 weeks apart from her little baby brother. she wanted to travel to the far west island and visit the newly opened princess theme park. little baby were almost 1 year and could walk. they hadn't traveled as a family for more than 1 year. doctor were a politician, a senator to be precise, and were in capital. they all packed to travel, grandparents and children, with eugene and lily. they went to capital first. then they went to the far west island, the empire.
first place the visited was the princess theme park! annabelle had a great day. the next day, they went to the sky arc. it was a tall tower in the center of city which had only one deck at the top to watch the city, with an arc ceiling, resembling the holy arc temple. when they were watching the city at the top, suddenly some explosions happened in 3 sides of the square deck. it seemed 3 entrances exploded. suddenly a group of armed men with mask came from the last entrance and shot upward and shouted to sit down. lily told them to stay calm and obey their orders and don't attract their attention.
the terrorists were extremists and believers. they asked for seize fire and retreat of the western army from the war of middle earth. they told police that they will give them 48 hours to retreat and hand on the king to the jibha-al-iman. then they started to investigate and tie the hostages and take their identity cards.
eugene were sitting between annabelle and lily. he grabbed them and hugged them, playing a father protecting his family. lily blushed since eugene's hand were around her waist. he whispered in her ear
-you are to sensitive to touch as a guard! no matter how you try hard, you are a girl!
meanwhile he stole her gun from her back. when terrorists came closer, the investigated an athletic man with hat and glasses and suddenly their leader said
-oooh! we threw net and we caught killer whale, [with a lower insulting voice] or maybe clownfish! 
he was a famous actor playing the role of pendragon knight, a fiction about a here eliminating extremist!
-pendragon knight, the hero of justice, the terrorist eliminator is here! such a coincidence! such a bad luck for us, terrorists! we will be eliminated here! i didn't expected such a miserable end!
-sir pendragon knight! can you please give us a little more time? maybe thing go well and war ends, if your politicians take right decision!
he came closer and suddenly noticed the doctor Hemingway and said
-oh my creator! look at the net! we have cough another wonder, giant octopus! senator hemingway! are you here to bargain for peace, or maybe, you are here to bargain for war! do you want a portion of our wealth too?
during his show talk, lily went to grab her gun and prepare to engage, but she found that her gun is missing! terrorist came closer and asked for identity of eugene and the children. when he found the annabelle is the daughter of hemingway he say
-this little princesses will be of a great value. take her to the VIP room. lily stood and said
-i thought the middle earth people have honor and don't harm women and children
-unfortunately we raised here and we are here, so we treat you as you treat us! now sit down if you don't like to lose your beauty
she quickly acted to grab his gun, but he hit her with elbow. he was strong and lily fell back. he was going to shoot her. suddenly eugene stood in front of her and shouted
-Stop!
-oh, my dear compatriot
he gradually became silent and lost his smile telling this sentence. for a while he remained silent.
-it seems we had something extraordinary in our net. forget about giant octopuses and whales. we have caught the cthulhu!
then looked his comrades and laughed
-we were looking for you in the bottom of dark sea, sea of corpses! we found you in the heavens of empire! just like the ancient story!
-do you see friends! heretics don't believe in miracle! i watched his execution! now even there is no rope scar!
-what you say habib zayn-aldin, saif al-ahrar, sword of liberals?
-i say you should free women and children and foreigners. we are tourists, from outback! war is out of our business!
he laughed
-so you are from outback? did you sank in dark sea and came up from outback? i didn't knew earth has a giant wormhole! so doctor hemingway is here for sightseeing!?
-for now, let's agree upon children and women and elderly!
he laughed again
-your request are gradually growing!
then he became serious and said
-your jaish al-ahrar is still fighting us. now we can get rid of both of our enemies, and bring peace to our land! tabarak al-khaligh! it seems khaligh have gave you another opportunity of life, but you are still heretic to him!
then he took his gun down and went near and said
-we have one step afar from victory, from peace! only with one saif, saif al-ahrar, the unity will be in our hand!
-the unity earned with sword, will shatter with one shot!
he got angry.
-i told you take this girl to the VIP room!
eugene quickly pulled gun from his sleeve and shot 6 terrorists in one line, only one left unharmed. all were headshot except the leader in front of him, who get shot in the chest. the one who eugene didn't shot was stand still all the time, and didn't pointed eugene. when their leader were on the ground soaked in blood, eugene went and stood up near him and looked him. he suddenly pulled a gun and tried to shot his head but eugene shot his hand and gun fell on the ground in front of the actor, one meter away. eugene said
-how did you thought you can catch cthulhu with your meager net? if you listen yourself, you will find how idiot you are. how you can earn anything, when you are as idiot as an animal, and use animal method? now you are alive and you see miracle!
meanwhile he was walking around him. when he turn his back toward actor, he jumped to pick the gun but annabelle were faster and hit the gun with her foot. eugene quickly turned and saw actor are looking annabelle with anger and despise. he became angry, went, picked the gun and brought it, said
-stand up pendragon knight!
he stood and looked him with arrogance and despise. eugene put his gun in his belt and gave the terrorist's gun to him and said
-get it and shoot me! i promise that no one will harm you if you do so, and you will finish this terror and become a real hero!
he put gun on eugene's forehead. eugene were looking in his eyes. the fallen leader said
-pull the trigger. he is devil!
actor were soaked in sweet. he was trembling. after 10 seconds eugene said
-i think this game is flawed. it also need time and punishment. you have 4 seconds to shoot. if you don't shot, or i survive from your shot, i will shoot you. 4... 3... 2... 1...
then ge grabbed the gun and put it on the actor's forehead and pulled the trigger. gun didn't shot. he said
-you lost the game, but you learned a lesson. don't live in delusion. in reality you are not hero. gun was not armed. you must first pull the slide. my dear annabelle saved your life. if you picked the gun, you would be killed by my comrade immediately. he is fast and sharp. now take your seat and look down. i forgive you for looking toward hime-sama that way, but next time you see us with disdain and see what will happen.
he put the gun on his back and went toward the last terrorist and said
-now what, robert?
-what happened to sebastian?
-they shot us. it was friendly fire. no one survived except me.
-so it's the end.
-i don't allow them to condemn you.
-so are you telling i must join them?
-we can figure a way...
suddenly some special forces barged in from the last entrance and shot toward eugene and robert. annabelle ran toward eugene and hugged him and made a shield. all three of them fell. eugene turned back and saw the annabelle is floating on the the red sea. he crawled toward her, meanwhile the special squad came near quickly and unarmed him and tied his hand to his back. he turned and saw robert is dying. lily came near and yelled
-he is injured, animals. he was not with them.
they hit her and throw her on floor and tied her. lily was crying like a rainy cloud. she called
-hime-sama! open your eyes!
they brought eugene to the hospital, and then to the surgery room. he was conscious. anesthesiologist asked him if he had surgery before and he said he is allergic to propofol and ketamine. doctor tested a small dose under his skin. they used local anesthesia and took out bullet. when they taking him out of the surgery room, he quickly snatched the gun from the guard and told nurses to get away and moved him in and took his cloths which was not uniform, and handcuff him to a bar, and picked and wore a white robe and quickly escaped from the hospital.
he had nowhere to go and no one to visit. his heart were full of rage, anger, agony, grief. he watched news in a train station. annabelle was in come. robert was dead. the leader were alive. his name was omar farough. he was an immigrant and educated in engineering in empire, but he was extremist and was created a secret terrorist organization. robert was the only western terrorist that day, and he came to avenge sebastian, since he was former member of his special team. that's what news said about the accident.
eugene passed some days in streets, with homeless people. he noticed some drug dealers, with cars of same model, same color, same rims. he understood that this is not a secret business, it's a secret order. he tailed them and found that their headquarter is a large seasider mansion. he spent his time and wandered around that area and spied their members and schedule and collected information about them. as he expected, there were cooperating with police and because of that they had uniform cars and dresses.
after about one month, he went to check the hospital, where he saw lily. he she also noticed him. he signed her to follow. she followed him with a distance on the other side of street, to a park, under the bridge. a safe place without camera nearby. she came close and said hi
-hello eugene! or habib if you prefer! how are you?
she started dropping tears seeing him in his state.
-hello lily! i'm fine! how are you?
-not bad! why you escaped? you have done nothing wrong!
-wrong? right? just? these are not my concerns anymore! i want to live a new life, and i need your help lily!
-what can i do for you habib?
-call me eugene please! i need you help for a carnage! about 40 people! they are a criminal state cooperating with cops!
-do we can kill them all? and if they are working with cops, then we are to kill cops too?
-no! we don't need to kill cops or even kill them all! we just take the leadership and inherit the state!
-for what? taking revenge?
-yes!
eugene told her to prepare a safe house with surveillance, a van, a sword, a sharp knife, a bow, sniper rifle, guns, night goggles and wireless headphones which was new and expensive. also they went and rented a land with an old building in the country side near the ocean with high cliffs.
the night of operation, they made an intentional accident with delivery guy. they hit his motorcycle from back, and played like that lily is rookie driver. they went and apologised and added a drink can with a toxic smoke bomb to the delivery box. every month in payday they staff of surveillance got pizza for dinner. though it was a guess based on the former month. they parked the car in the intersection near the target.
eugene had the plan of building, and there were a transmitter in drink can too. his guess was right. the can went in the surveillance room. they exploded the toxic bomb and cut the power. eugene put his moai mask and went in, and lily were helping her from a distance. they hunted the guards in the field with bow and sword and went in and killed most of them with knife and sword. eugene were exceptionally and strangely ruthless and it gave lily courage. she liked him.
they reached the room of boss, and killed last guards. since there were no shot sound until then, they didn't know it is an assault. when eugene entered the boss room, quickly killed last guards. lily didn't showed up. eugene took off his moai mask! he told the boss
-i want all of your cash!
he picked his drink and drank a sip and said
-what else you want? do you take materials as well?
-no. i don't know how to sell them!
he laughed. then drank another sip!
-who are you?
-i'm eugene trueman! formerly habib saif-al-ahrar! and what about you?
-wow, such a mouthful of name! i'm andy, andy gonzales! so let's talk about the situation. i have a lot of money in safe. you have killed all my men. so you are nearly winner. i can give you money and you kill me and go out. that's an absolute success for you and an absolute lose for me. but if i don't give you money, you kill me and go out without it. for me both are the same but at least i can prevent you success. so why i must give you money?
-to take your life. how much money you will pay for your life? one thousand? one million?
-are you kidding? how i can be assure if you don't kill me when i gave you money? i'm sure there is no way!
-mister andy gonzales. who much do you know about cryptography and information theory and game theory?
-not much!
-then how are you sure there is no way? anyway, i have a question form you mister gonzales! do you know why one or two people can kill a lot of people, not ordinary people but guards and criminals and reach to their boss?
-are they exceptional? or maybe we were careless! but it is not that common! it's once in life!
your are right mister gonzales! our difference is immense! your human resources is typically rabbles and uneducated people, and of low intelligence, since if they were intelligent, they didn't become criminals and members of a cartel. it is also extendable to leaders, though they are presumably better than their subordinates. and now what about us? we are not rabble or idiots. i have reason, resolve, intellect! for me you are like apes, or to be more precise squirrel! you have gathered a lot of nuts and you don't know what to do with them! by nuts, i don't mean your subordinates, though you don't know what to do with them either, but i meant your wealth! you are an idiot but you are intelligent enough to pile up resources, and you were successful to protect them! but you don't know what to do with them! because you are listless.
-so let me guess! you have resolute and you know what you want to do with my money!
-yes, you are right! but there is two caveats. first let's clear that it is not exactly your money! it is money and belong to who possess it! though it seems trivial, only in some juristic states the personal ownership is respected, but i'm afraid that you we are outlaw! second, you used present from, but it was better to use past from. it was your money.
-i'm seek of this bullshit! end it! i won't give you anything.
-mister gonzales, with this much power you saw from me, i can prepare my required resources. i can kill you and find your money. i can take your place, or look for another case like you. but i think you can give me your money and take your life and your materials and recruit more talented employees, and try to find me and take your revenge.
-why you must spare me and live in fear?
eugene laughed
-live in fear? from you? that's like knowing a spider crawling in my backyard. ordinary people may fear but i'm confident. if you were a competent opponent i would be glad, but i even don't consider you annoying! first i must train you to becomae a better player. i'm sure some day you may not even be an opponent, but a comrade. among these many people i killed tonight you are their most capable one. finding capable criminals is not that easy
-do you think someday i will work for you?
-why not? do you feel humiliated if you work for someone? do you think you are the king of the world? beside that, i said you will be a comrade not subordinate. if you don't like to be subordinate you can be a contractor or whatever you want!
-why do i must work with who have robbed me?
-gonzales, why are you so sensitive to crime while you are a high ranked criminal? i think it is not about law! consider it a game! i win this match but you have opportunity to win next time! why you want to exit game in your first lost? are you a loser?
-you don't make sense! you are insane! why i must rust you?
-if you think more, you will find that who don't make sense and is insane is you. you have piled up a massive amount of money, but why? what do you want to do with it? it's not about money for you, it's you purpose, your hubby, your game! but boring! now i make your game more interesting, more challenging! though it is a side quest for me! i have a serious business! and maybe at some point you want to leave this game, but not before you become master of it!
-how much do you want?
-all of it!
-for what? nothing needs that much money i have!
-conquer the world, make dead alive, gain immortal life, kill the god! i bet you don't have enough money for them!
-i knew you are crazy!
-people who liked to talk from afar or fly in the sky or even fly to the moon also were crazy, before they do it! is finding cure for cancer make sense? how much do you think it costs? you must focus on what you gain not me! you are paying for your life! it costs all you have!
-ok! i will give you all of them! but expect me to come and get it!
they went and he opened the safe door. inside the safe there was a huge armored car! its back were full of gold ingots.
eugene got in the car and drove it out. before he leave the house, he said
-beware gonzales! maybe before you come for me, i come back for more!
he drove out and in in the street after turned right in crossroad, lily tailed him with van. he said
-it's more than what i thought. i'm not sure if we can transfer it with that van!
-we can transfer half of it and put the car in my safe house. if they came for it we eliminate them. at worst case, they take it back!
-i think we can put the armored car in a reclusive place near your house. then move half of gold with van there. then come back and pick other half to the villa!
-yes! but we must beware they may arrive!
-ok! i do the job. you watch me and car from afar!
they went and parked the armored car near the lily's house. lily went to watch. eugene came and picked the van. ahe moved half of gold to her garage. he found one lighter ingots. then they came back and picked other half. in the remaining ingots also there was one lighter one. he left two lighter ones in armored car. then they went to the villa. in the way eugene said
-there were 2 suspiciously lighter ingots. maybe they had cavity for transmitter. i left them in armored car. the gold is a problem. wherever we sell them, the come for us.
-are you sure they are safe now? why we didn't made an isolated room to store them?
-because even a place is isolated, we must somehow enter it. if they track the way they reach us.
-so what we must do with them now?
-smuggle them, maybe to outback or other far place! i must look for a smuggler that knows what we have done but don't bother us! oh i have an idea. i know a trader from middle earth! we can exchange golds for money or other materials. he is my friend and safe.
eugene called the nomair ibn noaman. he was head of a conglomerate trading firm. he didn't expect habib to be alive. habib told him to keep is secret and asked for a secret meeting with him. he said he can come immediately but eugene said there is no hurry. nomair said he will come to empire in 10 days.
they spend 10 days in hotels, checking surveillance of house and villa, meanwhile looking for another villa to buy near the one they rented. no one came to retrieve gold ingots.
nomair arrived and came to a not that famous hotel to visit habib! habit told him he have a 5000 kilograms of gold ingots for sale. nomair were surprised and said it's more than the value of their merchandise. he said he can transfer at most 500 kilogram every month. eugene said that's more than ok and he don't need all the cash immediately.
he gave him one ingot to evaluate it. tomorrow he delivered 500kg and got a massive payment from nomair.

______________________
# Rapanui LLC
----------------------

Eugene and lily bought a coastside villa. since eugene were under persecution, he were using lily's identity. also they bought a thin and tall building in the middle of the city. the villa was for biological experiments lab, while the city center building were for intelligence lab.
the intelligence lab were called one-eye-see-all. eugene hired some data scientists, specialists in information theory, cryptography. his goal was to know, know everything. his employees were best with exceptionally high payments. at first they were confused and didn't had an obvious vision and plan. but gradually they started to collecting information and news. first they predicted some events in economies, then some political events like election results. with predicting a raise in gold price, they earned a massive profit.
his process of hiring were special. after investigating about the nominates and collecting their information, about personal life and family and traits, he chose some competent ones for positions. lily were helping collecting information and spying nominates.
the first one eugene hired were Lloyd miller. after he completed the first form and gave the general information about himself, he received the second form by email and get warned that this position is in an intelligence service and it has high salary but it has some limitations and considerations. after he provided his complementary information, he received an email telling him he will be hired if he come to the city center in front of the central station at noon tomorrow and get on the cab that will come to pick him. cab came. its windows were tinted and driver had sunglasses and medical mask and he saw him in a glance. he got on. the cab had separated room for passenger and he couldn't see or talk with driver. doors get locked when car started moving. cab brought him to the parking of the tower. when it stopped, its door were unlocked. he took off and taxi went. he was in front of an elevator. he looked around. there were nothing, no one, no car. he entered the elevator. there were two buttons. parking and one-eye-see-all. he went up. it was very high since it took a while. when elevator stopped and door opened, in front of the door there were a man with a cowboy hat, moai mask, sword on his belt, gloves and a normal white shirt, tie,  pants and formal shoes. there were no visible skin. he said
-hello mister Lloyd miller!
-hello!
-I'm makemake, the creator and the director of this establishment. i will tell you about this firm and your job. please come with me.
they went to a meeting room with a big table. they sat in front of each other. makemake said
-as the email informed you, you are hired, and this firm is an intelligent service, so this is not an ordinary job, with special conditions. for example there is no test period and you can not cancel you hiring in this state. don't worry and don't scare. it is not a mafia cartel were we kill whoever wants to quit, but joining and leaving this firm has special processes and conditions. as you may presume, preserving information is the most critical thing to do here. you must not talk with anyone about anything in this firm. but you may think people ask and you must say something. for this situation we have some specified answers that you must provide. i will give you the documents. please read them to know how to communicate about your job with your family and friends. one important thing about this information is that they are not lie. you will say that you work on market data to detect patterns and predict prices and make profits from trades. it is indeed one the main tasks you will work on in this firm as you read in teh job description. but there is way beyond it. i promise you will have a challenging and engaging time doing this job and it is way more fun and amazing than you think!
then makemake accompanied lloyd to his desk.
-mister miller, you are the head of one-eye-see-all. your first task is to complete hiring and recruit the specialist we need. i don't think it is a proper welcome if everyone comes here and face a moai mask as the founder of this establishment
-Ok!
-and i completely understand that you want to know me. it is not of a particular importance what is my name and how i look like. that doesn't define who am i. but you will become more familiar with me and you will see my face and know my name when its time come and it will be sooner that you may expect. 
-Ok!
-first, we need to recruit a doctor to manage the recreation lab. we may loose the opportunity, we don't have too much time.
-Ok!
-the detail is written. are you ready to start?
-yes sir!
-good!
Lloyd read the task details. the recreation lab needed a doctor with experience and researches in coma, neural network and spinal cord damage. eugene were looking for someone that has devoted himself to this fields, like someone that have a family member in coma or with spinal cord damage. in addition to the resolute, the anticipated director of the recreation-lab must be intelligent and well educated and also must be Machiavellianist, meaning be manipulative, indifferent to morality, with lacking of empathy, and a calculated focus on self-interest.
Dr. victor christian were chosen to lead the recreation lab. he were called and hired by miller and started to work in laboratory. he had an accident with his family. his wife were in coma and his boy had spinal cord damage and were unable to walk. on top of all, he had debates about morality with the believers and university board and finally he were expelled due to his opinions about justifying the experiments on volunteers or by paying. he believed that not only experiments on human is not immoral and unethical but also not experimenting on human and prevention of progress and development is immoral and unethical. he was a good fit for leading recreation lab. mark brought one of his colleagues, lara, and some of his ambitious and talented students to work in laboratory. payment were excellent, facilities were unlimited and on top of them, nothing were in the way.
after that, eugene hired about 10 specialists in data, security, and computer science and created a secret private intelligence service. he was interested in 2 particular fields. they had a focus on special weapons and special medicine. they were surveilling some top secret projects and their scientists. one project was railgun, an electromagnetic ultrasonic projectile, and the other were neutron bomb, which didn't had regular explosion but were able to kill living organisms and destroying electronic devices and stored data in digital devices.
one-eye-see-all was a first of its kind firm. it was not easy to maintain it secret and independent, but eugene were strict and intelligent. he was not tolerating neglect.
they had an eye on the andy gonzales and his firm too, and now they knew the cartels he supply materials from and also the cops he bribe. his firm were working steadily.

## the finding of edward

one-eye-see-all and recreation lab infiltrated in most of major hospitals in the empire, specially those who had specialities about genetics and neuroscience. they had access to all of genetic test results and also researches that are in progress in their labs.
a couple who were young and their genetic test showed a flawless gene took their interest, alex and evelyn smith. they performed a genetic test to ensure their child will be healthy. the supervisor were working with rapanui secretly. she by the order of rapanui gave a twin pill to mother secretly. she became pregnant and came to this hospital again to check herself and the baby. supervisor herself checked the baby and didn't tell her that she had twin. when the time of birth came, supervisor suggested cesarean in a private clinic. that clinic was of course owned by rapanui! the cesarean cost was relatively high but supervisor told them it will be free and hospital will cover the cost since the hospital schedule is full and can't accept them.
she went there and gave birth to a twin, one girl and one boy. they took the boy and give them the girl. alex and evelyn didn't suspected anything. they took the girl and chose the name helen for her. eugene took the boy and chose the name edward for him.

## Soul reaper saber

annabelle were in comma, with a severe damage in her spinal cord. eugene had an eye on her condition. after several months, when he saw that there is no progress and hope in hospital, he planned to move her to laboratory. for that he also found and hired some outlaws and gangsters. with the help of one-eye-see-all he chose some good soldiers and cops that are fired and looking for jobs. before that eugene needed to talk to Dr. victor. he went to laboratory with moai mask. when he entered with that look, victor didn't get surprised that much even though he hadn't heard about makemake. it was the time of rest after lunch. eugene said
-hello my colleagues!
-hello!?!
-I'm makemake, creator and keeper of this establishment, Rapanui firm! as you may know already, Rapanui consists of some divisions. the first division was one-eye-see-all, and mister Lloyd miller is in charge there. this division is of an especial importance for me, so i came here to visit you in person. it is important for an individual or team to know what they are doing and to what end the are proceeding. i'm sure that you all have a good insight what you are doing but i'm here to give you a clear vision. recreation is for recreation as its name expresses. i want to recreate human, resurrect the dead, make human immortal, and make a better human. in the entire human history, it was exclusively for the creator to create, preserve and destroy. in the realm of creation, human, was not allowed to dwell. hereby, i have entered the realm of creator, and there is no hindrance or resistance. we proceed until we succeed!
victor stood and clapped. others followed him. he said
-finally, i found my worthy creator to follow!
-thank you victor. today i came here not only to clarify our vision, but also to inform you that soon you will host a precious guest of me, annabelle. she is in comma with a severe spinal cord damage. i know that our researches doesn't reached the conclusion yet, but i can't let her be where she is, and we must take care of her from now.
-i will be glad to take care of your precious guest! [pause] i wonder when i can take care of my precious guest!
-whenever you like, victor!
-really? can i bring my wife here?
-yes, of course. tomorrow morning i bring annabelle, and we need your help victor. you can also bring rachel here. just prepare what you need and tell lloyd. we carry out!
-thank you makemake! i'm ready.
-we don't have much time. please give this task priority and prepare for hosting our guests.
-we will be prepared as soon as possible. we will commence now!
after the midnight they went to the hospital and stole the annabelle and brought her to recreation lab. she was in capital, fortyork, they picked her at 3 am and it was about 3 to 4 hours of driving to recreation lab. makemake were following them all the time. when they arrived he came to see anabelle and to say thanks to victor.
in less than a week, victor brought his wife, rachel in lab. this was easier since they arranged a transportation with a fake destination.
eugene took them out of the capital, since he had a plan not unrelated to the capital. in the past months they had an eye on the suspicious activities in an underground military base in north part of empire. they didn't knew what they are doing there, but from the aggregating the small pieces of information they had gathered, they were suspecting an strategic weapon in its final stage is developed there.
they planned to attack the base, the night before the court of arc tower terrorist attack. the plan were simple. 2 groups attacked from west and east. they took their attention. quickly an entire army dispatched from southern bases. eugene alone sneaked inside from north under disguise. he replaced a soldier with the same stature and went down in the underground structures to protect the weapon. in the elevator, he suddenly killed all soldiers and put on his moai mask. when he reached the bottom, he faced some guards and killed them, and since he had no idea what is there, they went toward the guards. after eliminating some guards, he reached a gate which was closing. he threw an explosive shell he had so precisely that it stuck between 2 doors when the reached each other. meanwhile he jumped in the corridor in his right. the shell exploded due to the pressure of doors. the explosion were severe and opened a gap between the doors. eugene came and went inside and saw the something that he presumed that is the secret weapon. there were 2 of them. they where with the shape a sword, with a modern style. the handle had 2 latches in both sides and the blade was very thick and long. eugene quickly grabbed the the sword and pressed the latches. a light bar appeared on the blade and started filling from the handle to the tip. meanwhile a group of soldiers came in and yelled surrender. eugene grinned and looked the bar until it filled. it was fast, about 4 seconds. then he said in radio
-all units! operation is over!
then he mumble with himself
-so this is the soul ripper sword, or soul reaper saber? soul raper rapier? that's sketchy!
the commander of the guards said
-defuse that weapon, if you want to go out alive!
eugene turned back and said
-you had 4 seconds to win, but you missed your opportunity of life, and you lost due to indolence and lack of resolve! whom must surrender to go out of here alive is you!
eugene grabbed his revolver and pointed his head and said
-declare your failure in radio! tell them to stop!
he were froze. eugene shot his hat
-declare failure!
he grabbed his radio and said
-all units, we have lost! stop immediately!
gradually silence dominates! eugene took the other sword, then faced a scientist who was in the corner of that laboratory looking at him and pointed gun at him and shoed a gesture to follow and went toward exit. he asked the scientist
-is there stairs?
-yes. that way, but it is very long, about 10 stories
-no problem! so ...
he looked his badge
-... doctor gutenberg, what is this sword?
-it is a radiation bomb
-nice, i guessed. how it works?
-i think you have guessed that too. you release the latches and boom!
-good, good. does it kills it's wielder?
-no, if it is hold properly! the hand guard can save the carrier!
-that was not hard to tell! what i can't guess and is not obvious is the range of the weapon!
-it is, it is high! very high!
-hum!
eugene shook his head indicating he is satisfied.
they went up. many soldiers were there. eugene shouted
-why are you gathering here? everything is over! go home!
then picked a car and said to doctor
-can you drive?
-yes!
-you drive!
they got on the car. doctor asked
-where do we go?
-capital!
he started to drive. they passed the gate without any resistance. doctor asked
-what do you want to do with me?
-i want you to see what you have made. don't you want to see the result of your works?
he remained silent. eugene asked
-by the way, what you have named your masterpiece?
-it is neo-42-p
he stared him with disappointed look! then he told in radio
-all units. go to the south, as fast as you can, as far as you can, nonstop, until you hear the news about the great event!
they were followed or escorted by many vehicles and some helicopters. they went to the central court in the capital. he went inside with the doctor. guards got confused and wanted to stop him but many soldiers came in and their commander yelled
-don't resist and don't shoot!
they let him in! he went inside and asked a guard where is the court of arc tower terrorist attack! he pointed the main saloon, in the middle with a big door! door was closed. he opened the door and told the doctor to take a sit. then he closed the door and locked it. all people turned to see who he is. a silent prevailed in the court. the judge said
-who are you?
-a man with a mask, [pause] and a sword! i can be everyone! i have one thousand names! Sacred Warrior, Rogue Knight, Tormented Soul, Vengeful Spirit, Lightning Revenant, Faceless Void! you can be every one when have a mask! but when you reveal the truth...
he took of his mask
-...then you become one! unlike god! i was habib ben-rahman ale-amir, saif-alahrar! now i'm eugene trueman! and i'm not here as the Complainant, Accused, Offender, Prosecutor, judge, lawyer. i'm the executioner. this is [pause] neo-42-p if i remember correctly, but i call it soul reaper saber! and i don't even care about the justice or truth. i don't care if west and empire had right to attach middle east or not, and i don't care if you are righteous or not! if doctor gutenberg have done his works correctly today, all of you will die , not because you have killed many and spilled blood, not because you deserve it, not because of justice, even not because my dear annabelle may not live or live in pain. today you all will die, to deliver my message to the creator, to tell him to reveal his face and confront me!
then he raised his hand and held the sword on top of his head and released the latches. after a moment, life wiped. all died. all standing people felt on the ground. head of sitting people felt down, some felt on the ground. all died with eyes wide open. many where still staring toward eugene. only doctor gutenberg were died like he was resting in peace with closed eyes and hands tied on his waistline, but eugene didn't noticed him. he was fearing, his bones were shivering, his heart was bursting and his veins were tearing. he wanted to run but his legs were withering and becoming paralyzed. it was like his legs were stoned, heavy and rigid. he pulled himself toward the door, but he moved very slowly. he felt down on the ground and started to crawl toward the door. he was fearing of being watched by the dead. they didn't look like dead, all were staring, something unknown, something invisible. do they all were staring at the god, or the satan, since they seemed scared! do people fear more when they see god or satan? but they really didn't see anything special, they just died instantly. some sick mind made up stories about seeing god or satan. why eugene were fearing? from what? from dead, or from god? he wanted to see god, now he was fearing to death from the thought of facing him.
he felt he had strength to stand but he crawled on the ground to the door. he opened the door. behind the door were a mound of staring corpses. he closed his eyes out of fear and looked for the light with closed eyes to find the way out! he stood and walked like a blind person with closed eyes toward light, but he stumbled over a dead body and felt. then he crawled from the corpse with fear, like the corpse had become angry and wanted to come adn take revenge. he hardly managed to pass from in between the corpses with half-open eyes and reached the door. outside was full of corpses with open eyes too. he ran in a relatively less crowded spot with corpses and reached the street. all cars where scattered around, crushed each other, parked cars, buildings, signs, street lights, traffic lights, trees. 
in the middle of street there not many corpses. so he ran toward the car he came with it and got in. but it didn't started. he got off and went for other military and police cars that were empty. but non of them were working. he realized that the explosion has damaged and destroyed them. so he started to run in the street. soon he became tired and started to gasp. he saw a bicycle. its owner were felt 10 meters away. he could tell because she had helmet and protections. he picked the bicycle and started to pedal. he went downward to escape faster. after several cross sections, still all people were dead with open eyes. he rode and rode and rode, looking to one point in horizon, one ray of light, the end of the street, to escape form the sea of corpses he had made himself and he was at the heart of it.
gradually he heard the screams, the wailing. people were escaping, were running. some people who had empty spaces in their cars were picking pedestrians. gradually streets became crowded and traffic jammed. eugene rode and rode and rode until he couldn't anymore. he went in the side walk and stopped and took off from bicycle and sat on a bench. someone came to help him, but he said
-it's over. don't need to escape [pause] anymore.
he sat and watching people helping each other, talking to each other, crowd were jamming. they were alive, and eugene were watching them, watching the alive. is dead more dreadful or alive? he suddenly noticed the other sword he had with himself, and for a moment imagined all these people, died, with eyes wide open, staring at him. he closed his eyes, and pushed his eyelids severely and covered his eyes with his hands to not see that scene, while were crumpling himself on the bench!
after a while, his phone rang. his eyes were not seeing properly due to the pressure they endured. but he barely managed to read the name. it was lily. he answered. she were crying, said
-eugene, are you fine?
-lily! please come and take me!
-where are you?
-i'm in downtown of capital. don't rush. it's crowded yet.
-i'm coming. just send me you exact location and don't move. lines are busy, we may lose connection.
-ok! don't worry. it's over!
she came after him. 


alex and evelyn were living in the fortyork, capital of empire. eugene wanted to kill them to clear the edward's history but when he found the soul-reaper sword, he eliminated the life from fortyork. so he were presuming that there is no trace from edward's past.
after the fall of empire they went to outback. edward had a dense education curriculum and exercise schedule. he was smart and strong. he learnt more than any student and studied many complicated fields up to master degree before he finished high school. also he were exercising and in shooting and driving he could become champion. tough he was attending a normal school. he was trying hard to don't attract attentions and stayed humble and meek.
we he were fourteen, eugene told him he can bring him girls if he wants. he told him just tell me and bring everything you want. when he was 15, eugene told him it is better to get a girl for him, otherwise he may fell in love with a random girl and that would be a problem. he was told that it's better to have sexual relations with strangers and avoid become friend with his class mates or neighbors or girls in the firm. edward understood and accepted. eugene knew a human trafficking bond. he got an album. they were mostly from middle east, were he had come from. he told by himself
-we were proud, honored. we fought for dignity, for freedom and greatness. we fought for our people, family, children, yet they sell our teen girls for an insignificant price her! we were living a delusion.
edward in 15 chose a girl who was 14. they were together for one day. then she went. next week edward asked for her again. eugene told him
-i think it's better to choose a new one. you shouldn't hold back. diversity is the best. every flower has its own scent!
-but i kinda liked her. [pause] and i think it is more natural and beautiful to pair with one!
-maybe you are right! but you are not a common person! you are special. i can bring her again, but after a while i make you kill her or i kill her in front of you if you fell in love with her
he became confused, feared.
-why? why you kill her? why i must not to fall in love?
-let me explain for you. you are 15. i think it's a proper time to know yourself and your purpose. you are supposed to be an upper echelon existence, ultrahuman, sublime, and you are, indeed. to attain this, thoroughly, you must be wise, brave, strong, immortal. immortal must learn to not love, or lose love! love is the deadly sin!
-am i your puppet? your prisoner? a slave sublime?
-everyone is free, to some extend, even a prisoner. a upper echelon prisoner, a sublime, escapes from the jail! [pause] you are in a game, with me, game of life. if you want your freedom, you must overcome me, that would be your salvation, and your supremacy!
-i don't want to play with you! freedom is human right!
eugene laughed loudly with his head up and said
-you have right to be free in the society prison, as long and you conform to their rules, traditions, norms, public opinion. it feels not bad, somehow you fill free, normal [pause] if you are normal. but if you are sublime, that would be your life sentence!
-then i can choose to be normal!
he laughed again, shorter and milder
-in 15 you are smarter than 98 percent of people! soon you pass everyone! to be normal is not a choice, it's a bliss!
-then why didn't you wanted me to be a normal person?
-i'm not creator of you, edward! if you have an objection about your creation, you must meet the creator! i just prepare you for that day!
-since when you believe in creator?
-it's not about believe. among all people on the earth, if there is only one person who truly knows the creator exists, it's me!
-then, why you don't do it yourself? why you don't face him? meet him? confront him? 
he remained silence for a moment, then said
-since the creation, meeting the creator had a certain condition, to sacrifice, and sacrifice to be accepted, by creator! but he didn't accepted my sacrifice! since the sacrifice must be the best we can afford, and it seems i was not the best!
he mumbled
-sebastian was, khalid was!
edward said
-and now you want to sacrifice me?
he smiled and said
-you will sacrifice yourself!
-why?
-that's what creator wants. he don't want the best, the sublime, to be wasted!
edward thought a for a while then said
-you sound like a lunatic! i don't understand you!
-you will!
eugene tapped his shoulder and went while edward was sinking in thinking.




__________
# Eugenics
----------

in the Apex planet, there were a powerful and wealthy government.

#Human child

...
Eugene were walking in the street at night when he encountered a very fluffy and large sheep, like a stray and homeless person, dirty, smoking. he was Shaun the sheep. Eugene approached him and said hello. Shaun answered coldly. Eugene asked about his mood and health and he said
-since when that anti-meat motherfuckers eliminated slaughterhouses, when have became homeless. children don't want to see us in zoo. we are sheep, we are boring. at first, they thought we can't live in the wild and made some pesthouse for us. but we got depressed, no slaughter ceremony, no sacrifices, we should wait to die from old age. that was not what we meant to live. gradually our people escaped to nature to feed the animals. but after a while our wools became too massive and no wild animal were able to kill us. last week an eagle attacked me and but i didn't see him afterward. i think he suffocated to death inside my wool
-do you like a haircut?
-do you mean fleece or snip?
-yes yes, i mean it.
-but i don't have money
-i treat you, no problem friend.
they went to the barbershop. but barber said it is forbidden for sheep to haircut in barbershop. it is forbidden and against the regulatory rules. they must to go to fleece house. they went to fleece house but there the barber said they must take a radiography image. they objected why they need a radiography for a haircut but barber told them it is due the regulatory rules and they can't oppose the law. Eugene told Shaun that there is no problem. it doesn't cost that much and also it can be beneficial for his health. so they went to radiology beside the fleece house. when they take the x-ray image, they found that poor Shaun is extremely thin and also there is 3 corpses of animals in his wool, a wolf, an eagle, and another sheep. so they called the police. they fleeced Shaun and took out corpses. when Shaun came out shaved, Eugene become frustrated and sad from seeing his meager body and beg for pardon from Shaun, but Shaun was extremely happy and hugged Eugene. Eugene got confused and asked why he is happy. he said finally his day comes and they will take him to slaughter house to execute him because of murder. but Eugene, looked down with sad eyes. Shaun asked: they will slaughter me? right? Eugene told him with a pause and weak voice that the is no more execution and slaughter. Shaun's smile vanished and asked them what they do with us? and Eugene told him they may send him to prison but since he is sure that Shaun is not guilty he will become free soon.

______________
# defy creator
--------------
isaac finally came to the door, door of johan's house. he was with a cowboy hat and dress, a tengu mask. he knocked. johan said
-who's this? i'm coming!
soon johan opened the door. he was with apron and a knife. he said
سلام علیکم حبیبی یا حبیب! اهلا و سهلا! تفضل!
he responded with a delay and low voice
سلام علیکم!
-hello isaac! man with ugly mask! welcome! okaerinasai!
eugene were a bit confused
-hello! hallelujah! ojamashimasu! tadaima!
فخلع نعلیک
isaac took off his shoes. johan said
-are you wearing horse shoes?
-what? [pause] were you waiting for me?
-betsuni! masaka! mochiron! of course! maybe! yoku dekimashita! omedeto gozaimasu! congratulation! [pause] I hope you have brought your behelith, otherwise you will fell into the abyss!
then johan went and took off apron and put the knife and came back. eugene closed the door, then said
-people expect a majestic mansion, an imperial palace, a royal throne. heh! an ordinary creator in a mediocre house, living a normal life, eating normal food, sitting on a normal chair.
-ordinary creator? i'm sorry that i don't meet your expectations. did you wanted a special creator? then become one! i'm used to be looked lowly! but i will be glad if i were you. it could be way worse.
-i can't believe i finally met you! it's good that you know you are lowly.
-i didn't say i'm lowly. it seems no one knows me thoroughly!
-no one knows you better than me, you are the lowliest existence! you are lower than shit in cesspit!
-your hatred toward me in futile. it would be better if you could accept me as i am. that hatred only harms yourself. i like you to live a good life.
-what is futile is your strive to cleanse your image on the verge of annihilation.
-it's not futile. it's a seed. some day it will grow, and fruit.
-so do you have a death wish?
-i think it is typical for creature to ask from creator, not the opposite.
-now that you have mentioned, i just want to ask you something, albeit i didn't expect to hear a convincing answer.
-dozo!
-why you have created us, and burdened us this much pain, grief, suffering?
johan looked him for a while and said
-i wanted a good life for you. you deserve it, and you will earn it. look at you. you are my masterpiece. why i wouldn't create you, when i can?
-so you maniac sadomasochist are enjoying your death? do you think i spare you if i think you like it?
-i don't think you kill me here
-you incompetent creator
then. eugene drew his sword and were to behead the john. john dodged with his left arm. sword get stuck in the armguard spikes and john punched him with right hand and sward slipped from eugene's hand, and he hit the door behind him and came forward to punch john but john het his face with forehead and he hit the door again and john pulled his collar and he felled with face, and he sat on his back and said
-did you thought that i can't kill you, without the help of angels? i'm shinigami myself. once god felled love for his creation and died. you were not omnipotent, you were not able to destroy your creation, but i do.
meanwhile he grabbed his knife from his pocket and opened it and cut his throat. then he turned him and took his mask, and suddenly jumped back. he saw his face, throat cut, sank in blood, smiling. he wanted to tell something. john brought his ear near, but he couldn't talk, and died.
then he stood and looked himself in the mirror. he was the same.

abigail rang the bell. the she called
-father! are you there?
the she knocked the door and called father again. johan opened the door! when abigail saw him, crimson, she smiled and said
-hello! father! tadaima!
-hello! my dear abigail! okaeri!
-so the sacrifice finally got accepted.
she smiled
-you must not kill someone like this, you can't hear their last word!
then she went over the dead body and screamed! the loadest scream she could! all neighbors came to see what happened. when they came they saw the most horrible scene they have ever seen. there where 2 people like john. they thought they are identical twins, they didn't know who is john, the murderer or the murdered. they took abigail out in the yard. she was playing scared. they gave her water and tried to calm her, then when they saw she is better, they asked her if she can speak, then who is she?
-I'm abigail. me and my uncle isaac came to see my father, johan. i had never saw him before. my uncle went to check the address first. i was waiting here. he took long and i went to look for him, there i found him dead.
they arrested johan and prisoned him in a store house. they didn't had law, court, police, sherif, but they knew what it is. one suggested they can get help from the city. one called one of his acquaintances in the city and described the situation. he told he will ask what to do and call later. after a while he called and said there is someone called Marshal. he take care of sinners. they have told him about the case and he is already in the way. they said don't change the crime scene marshal said so.
after a couple of ours, they saw a rider is coming. he was a tall and strong man with serious face, armed with a strong horse. he came to the crowd and asked one come forth and tells the story. after he heard the story he went and saw the corpse and crime scene. then he went to talk with the johan. he asked
-what is your name mister?
-johan freeman
-do you have killed that man?
-[pause] yes
-you look alike. is he your twin brother?
-he is more of a son for me
-he was! i'm afraid that he is dead.
-he was more of a son for me
-why did you killed him?
-he came to kill me. he attacked me with sword. then i hit him and killed him.
-i saw the sword. didn't he were able to hit you with that sword?
-i blocked him with my armguard
he showed his armguard and the teared sleeve.
-do you were expecting someone to come and kill you? or you always wear an armguard?
he showed an i don't know gesture with chin and hands
-what can i say. i always expect someone come and kill me.
-why? what you have done?
-[pause] that's what i always ask myself. what i've done? why they hate me. why they want to kill me. i just wanted them to be happy, to be free, to live, live a good life.
-who are they?
-you, they, all!
-i don't understand.
-maybe it's better that i don't be here, a city without only me.
-ok. thanks for your information. soon i will form a court and you can talk there and defend yourself and your act.
then marshal went out and asked to meet the daughter of the killed man. she were in the neighbor's house. marshal said
-hello! i'm marshal morgan mathias. what is your name?
-abigail
-pretty name for a pretty girl! i have a daughter like you, she is called sara. she is 12. how old are you abigail?
-10
-where is your mother abigail?
-umm, she is nowhere and everywhere.
-i don't understand. ok. is there any other family members? siblings, grandparents, uncle, aunt?
-it was just me, uncle isaac, papa johan
-where were your house
-we didn't have.
-then where you were living?
-we were travelling, looking for papa johan.
-what did uncle isaac wanted from papa johan
-nothing, and, everything
-ok. if there is no other relatives and no hometown, we can bury your uncle here today. [pause] is it ok?
-yes
he told people to bury isaac. they dug a grave and buried him. he told he will hold a court tomorrow. they asked abigail what to write on the grave stone? she said only write his name, isaac freeman.
miyu came back from shopping at town with other housewives. she got perplexed when she heard the story. neighbors had cleaned the house before she arrived. first thing she wanted was to meet abigail. when she saw her she went near to hug her. she became happy and smiled when she saw miyu and hugged her. abigail said
-welcome abigail chan! let's go home.
she smiled and nodded yes with head.
they went home. abigail asked if she have ate lunch. she said no, then she said she will quickly prepare something delicious. she made onigiri and fried chicken. then she sat beside abigail and pulled her hand and put kid on her lap and patted her head. then blew hot onigiri, then fed her. after lunch she told her the story of saint elizabeth. she soon fell sleep in her embrace. miyu put child on the sofa and prepared an obento (lunch box) and went to see johan. when she went there, the watchman who were a young boy from neighbors, ben, went around to let them speak. she said
-hello my dear! [pause] what happened
-hi honey! he was an old acquaintance of me, with a burden of hatred toward me. he was tough, and didn't got tired of moving around it on his shoulder for many years. now it's done.
-why did you killed him? killing is bad
-i thought he is not human, human of flesh and blood like us. when i found it, it was late.
she became sad and fell her head
-my dear miyu, please take care of his daughter abigail. assume her as our own child. she has no one except us, and also she is dear to me. where is she?
-don't worry. she is sleeping in home. i already have taken care of her
-sasuga watashi no miyuchan!
-i brought you obento!
-hum! sugoi! i was hungry.
she gave her the obento box.
-what will happen?
-no matter what happens, i will protect you, i will be by your side. so don't worry and trust me.
-ok
-don't come in night. i will ask ben to take my dinner.
-ok. then i will go. if abigail wake up and see no one is there, maybe she fell fear! good bye!
-one thing miyu chan!
-what?
-tomorrow don't come to the court house! zettai konaide kudasai!
-[pause] wakarimashita, ja mata!
-take care my dear! good bye!
she went home. abigail woke up when she arrived. she cleared house arranged furniture that was displaced from the accident. abigail help her. night abigail asked if she can sleep with her, she said she would be glad if she do so. miyu sat on bed and took her hat and abigail suddenly saw her nekomimi (cat ears). she jumped and grabbed them like sandwich and sucked them. miyu said
-abigail chan yamete kudasai
she didn't listen. before sleep, abigail said
-miyu chan, may i ask you something?
-yes of course my dear.
-do you promise me to tell the truth?
-mochiron, i mean of course
-did he told you why he have killed isaac?
-[pause] yes. [pause] but [pause] i didn't understand.
-can you tell me? maybe i realize.
-he said [pause] he thought isaac is not a human of flesh and blood, like us
-yappari
-nani? nyango wa wakarismasuka?
-mochiron!
-sasuga abigail chan!
they slept while miyu's head were lower and abigail were sucking her ear.
tomorrow they held a court in the temple. neighbor called her to come. she said she will not come. she asked why. miyu said johan told so. abigail asked
-did he mentioned about me?
-no, he didn't say about you
-then i will go.
-ok!
abigail went to temple with the neighbor. marshal were judge. he described the brief about the event. he asked johan
-mister johan freeman, do you confess that you have killed mister isaac freeman, your brother?
-yes
-can you tell the court why you have done this? knowing the reason of the act may change the court's opinion about the act.
-he wanted to kill me.
-do you were able to control him without killing him, for example by hurting him, his limbs?
-yes
-then why did you killed him?
-i don't like to be do something incomplete, leave something unfinished. it was me or him. if i leaved him alive, he definitely would come back again. i couldn't live like that forever.
-i understand. but i can't justify this act. it's our duty to take care of this situation. it's not acceptable for someone to take precedence over a threat of a crime. i declare you as guilty for murder. is there any objection?
abigail stood and said
-yes, i have objection. he is lying. he didn't kill isaac intentionally. it was an accident.
-how do you know that!
-i know. he have confessed to his wife and she told me.
-but he confessed that he have done it intentionally. mister freeman, what do you say?
-it's complicated. i didn't want to kill a human.
-but you have cut hit troat. didn't you know that cutting someone's throat will kill him? i think it is obvious! did you have done it accidentally?
-no.
-then you accept the crime
-yes
abigail yelled
-but i don't accept it. he is not guilty
-dear abigail, i understand you want to defend your father but he is guilty. he confessed
-no
-please leave and let me declare the court's decision.
-no!
-please someone guide her out
ben went to brought her out. she pulled his small gun from his belt and shot in his belly. then 3 guys stood to get her. she shot them. then he pointed marshal, meanwhile he pulled his gun and shot abigail in chest. john screamed
-NOOOOOOO!
then he quickly went and hugged her
-abigail, abigail, talk with me. why you shot her? abigail!
he cried. she died in her hands. parents of ben also took his body. he was alive. they took injured men out. they where alive. they took care of them. doctor where in court. he checked abigail and saw she is dead. then he went out to check ben and the others.
meanwhile marshal were frozen. he was trying to justify his act for himself, telling himself if he didn't shoot, there were more casualties and even there were deaths, if it is not already. but on the other side he compared himself with john and thought people will judge him the same as john. also he is way worth since he have killed a child, a girl. but she was shooting and killing. what he should do? he mumbled
-i'm done!
johan looked abigail carefully. caress her head, chin, arm. then he lain to the side of the bench and stayed for a while. after a while, miyu came and saw the injured in front of the church. they looked her with a grief look. she understood something is wrong. she asked
-where is john?
-he is inside.
she slowly went in shaking thoroughly. when opened the ajar door, she saw john embracing abigail over his lap sat on a lake of blood. she went near and called her name, loader and loader
-abigail, abigail, abigail
she screamed abigail. but she was died. she went near and kneeled in the blood, weeping and wailing, crying like spring rain. john said
-zettai konaide kudasai, itta deshou!
she felt on the abigail and embraced her.
he picked abigail and stood and brought her to the cemetery behind the church. he laid her down on the grave of eugene and started to dig a grave beside it. gradually injured ones get treated and people came to cemetery. the neighbor wife got miyu's arm and help her stand and brought her to cemetery. john finished digging and put abigail in grave. he get cried for while. then came up and went to pick the shovel, where his neighbor got it first and put his hand on his shoulder. then john sat on the ground and neighbor started to fill the grave.
marshal was standing there and no one talked to him or pay attention to him. when burial finished, they were to went home. marshal said
-where do you go mister freeman? you should be held under custody.
neighbor aimed his gun toward marshal and said
-Who the hell do you think you are marshal? soon we call someone to come and arrest you vicious! you are under arrest!
-of course! i'm criminal. i have commited crime, i must be held under custody, went to court and get my punishment. in that court mister freeman will be accuser and i will be accused. but it doesn't related to the mister john's crime. he is guilty. please call center to send another marshal.
then he came close and gave his gun and belongings to the neighbor. when they reached the store house neighbor said
-do we should put you in separate places? this is the only empty shed around here.
marshal said
-i don't have problem with the presence of mister freeman.
-i don't have problem either.
-then please
they went in and he locked the door.
-ben is injured. i will watch you myself. i will bring lunch, pillow and blanket.
then he went. john sat. he was grieving. marshal's pain were not less. they sat silent for a while. after lunch, neighbor slept with a lot snore. marshal said
-they are your neighbors. didn't they give you a knife to kill me secretly?
-no. what do you think about them? why they must do so? do you do so if you were their?
-i don't know. maybe! that will not be considered essentially a serious crime, killing someone whom sentenced to death!
-who's sentenced to death? you? your court is not performed yet.
-mister freeman, i'm a man of law, i know the rules, and i know what happened. i killed someone intentionally and not by accident. i have commited homicide and i must be punished by death. is as obvious as sun!
-it's obvious for you, not me and they
then marshal grabbed a knife and gave it to the john and said
-i know it is a great request, but can you be a help for a man of law to bring justice? you have commited homicide and you will be executed. but i like you to see justice and take your revenge from your daughter's murderer. i don't differ if you kill 1 or 100. please kill me. i'm ready
-it doesn't differ to kill 1 or 100? do you hear yourself? don't you think you are maniac and there is something wrong with this law? marshal, i somehow understand you. i'm creator like you. you have established an order, a state, a rule and you have commited yourself to preserve and prevail it, even you have devoted yourself to it, and now you want to go further and sacrifice yourself for it. you want to it be there and exist even i you die. that's called love. but, there is bitter truth about it. what you love is not what all people will love and admire. maybe that doesn't worth to die for!
-am i maniac? or you? i have killed your daughter in front of you, and your friends. i'm sorry for doing so but it doesn't change the fact. she died in your hands. you buried her this noon. you have a knife and the criminal ready to bring the justice. why you refrain? why you suppress your hatred and wrath?
-you are sorry but it doesn't change the fact? it doesn't change the past but will change the future. justice? it doesn't mean anything to me. hatred, wrath? these are burdens i refrain to carry.
-anyway they will come and finally they execute me. i can't kill myself. it's like escaping from justice, denying justice. i must get punishment by justice.
-why do you think we must kill the murderer?
-that's simple. if you don't punish the murderer, he will commit it again, like the old story of the hiro and saniyo! the creator commandment is to punish the murderer. do you really don't understand it? it's obvious, trivial. people do it for thousands of years.
-do you kill daughters if they let you go?
he thought a bit and said
-it is not the only reason. it has other reasons too. one reason is to let others know the result of crime. it heals and recover the pain of remained ones. it make the sense of safety and justice in people. it also help the criminal. it is hard to live with the sense of guilt.
-so you prefer to die, rather than to live with the sense of guilt?
-are you really ok if you see me alive and free out there?
-i want to see my daughter. do killing you bring her back? do i have other daughters and you intend to kill them too?
-i beg you kill me. i can't live anymore. i can't erase my memory and forget what i've done.
-i'm yahya. i give life, i don't kill. marshal, man must take the burden of consequences of his actions. if someone harms one, or kill one, he must compensate his doing. i think justice is this. if you sever my hand, you must compensate for it. severing your hand doesn't compensate my harm. killing the guilty doesn't compensate the harm. it's an easy way to ignore the issue. it doesn't compensate the harm. do it?
he thought for a while and asked
-if i sever your hand, i can serve you or create an artifact hand to compensate it. how can i compensate for you and your wife for killing your dear child?
-finding it is also your duty. you are man of law, man of justice!
they remained silent in the grief for a while. miyu brought 3 obento for the neighbor, john and marshal for dinner. marshal asked john
-your wife bring dinner for the murderer of her daughter, daughter of her husband to be precise. i hope it is poisonous.
-miyu? poisonous?
he laughed
-what do you create mister freeman?
-everything and nothing
he paused a while and then asked
-mister freeman, are you a human of flesh and blood?
-i don't know anymore. what i knew was that i was not like you.
-so is there more than one kind of human?
-there were. [pause] but it's not important anymore, when no one can tell the difference.
-but i can feel the difference. you, your wife, your daughter, you are different.
-our difference is not inherent. it's not because i have built different. i just think different.
tomorrow morning, marshaled asked to have a call. after a while, another marshal, Douglas evans, came to the city, with a companion rider, a young girl. he investigated and talked with the people. then called all to the church. they brought john and marshal. john have told miyu that it's ok if she come this time. so miyu was there too. when they arrived, marshal saw his daughter. marshal introduced his daughter ,sara to john and miyu. he told them that sara's mother is dead so ask them to take care of her for while. also asked them to let her be in their home and doesn't attend the court. she went home, she knew where is it and she was a good horse rider.
new marshal assigned death sentence for both john and morgan. morgan tried to convince him that killing people in the name of creator or the name of justice may not be the best one can do. but he where more strict and solid than morgan. he was older with longer time in service. morgan asked
-do you have thought if it may occur for yourself?
-it doesn't matter. i'm not exception. if this happen for me, another marshal will judge me by the law and justice.
suddenly morgan jumped and drew his knife and pierced his chest, meanwhile he drew his gun and shot in morgan's belly. morgan fell and back and marshal went back and laid to the wall, and slowly sat. he asked
-why morgan? [pause] why you did this? what have happened to you?
morgan couldn't answer. he died.
miyu went home with teary eyes. sara asked what have happened. she told her father is died, and hugged her. she started crying and said
-my father told me he may leave me soon, but i didn't expect this soon.
-we promised to your father that we take care of you. don't worry. this is your home, and i will be mother!
-but you are very young, you are like a daughter.
-then i will be older sister! you call me onesan!
-oneesan? what it means?
-older sister!
-ok!
they put Douglas in the store house, but they told john to go home. they called city. this time 5 riders came. they investigated and interrogated people, witnesses, and john and Douglas. then they brought them to city for more investigations. also they wanted to brought the dead body of morgan, but sara told she want to live here so they can bury him here.
several days passed and there were no information from them. everyday they call supreme court and they respond that they are investigating the attending the case. 

___________
# Execution
-----------
after one week, a group 10 men came and brought john. they went in front of church. they gathered people around and declared they have executed douglas evans and now they execute john freeman. they created scaffold to execute him.
john begged miyu and sara to go home. john told miyu in her ear
-trust me. everything will become fine.
miyu and sara went home. wind blew. they prepared the scaffold. one soldier went to tie the rope. wind got faster, cloud appeared. they brought john under the rope. clouds were thick and black. it got as dark as evenfall. they put the rope on his neck and tightened it. marshal read the death warrant.
-hereby we execute the death sentence of john freeman for commiting homicide. john freeman, do you have any word?
-i hoped to get executed while i was watching the sun. but i seems sun don't want to watch my death.
suddenly someone appeared on the middle of the road on the top of the hill in front of the church. it seems like woman with a metal mask without any openings, though she was very tall for being a woman. john smiled. some people noticed his smile and turned to see what is it. they mumbled
-who is she?
john mumbled
-witch of crossroads
soldier pulled the lever. he fell. she waited a bit. then started to running. she was faster than every creature. one soldier who was near the gate drew his sword quickly, in that moment she reached him and jumped and hit under his hand with one kick and hit his chest with another kick. sword were thrown up. she quickly grabbed it and spined twice in the air and throw sword toward the rope. sword cut the rope and john fell on the ground and sword hit the statue of saint elizabeth on the tower of church and cut the head of statue. sword stuck and remained in the wall. marshal yelled
-halt your assault immediately, unless we will shoot you
she stood and looked around. she was as tall as john, who was taller than most men. she bent her knees and jumped like a frog several meters and hit the chin of on soldier with top of her feet and grabbed his gun and before her feet touch the ground, aimed another soldier and shoot him. there were a minigun. marshal went toward it quickly. she quickly reloaded and shot another soldier. soldiers shot her too but she quickly dodge the shots. she was not like human. she shot several soldiers, until marshal rotated the minigun handle and started to shooting her. she quickly ran around. marshal followed her path shooting insanely, until it's round depleted. when he looked around he saw all people and soldiers are slain. she aimed his head, shot, killed him. then released the gun on the ground and went toward john. he was laying on the ground by his side. 
they noticed a noise from temple. then a little girl came out of temple, with white dress and long dark hair covering her face. she came closer. she was abigail. she walked around the johan and said
-no matter where you were, you brought suffering and misery. you boast you bestow life, but wherever you dwell you bring death and disasters. once for all, i end it!
she picked a sword from the ground and went near and raised it and said
-good bye father!
then she hit his neck with sword, but it just lived a scratch on the skin. he was made of steel within. she sneered and said
-nisemono ka?
elizabeth said
-hommono desu! demo [pause] killing a god is not as easy as you presumed, my naive daughter. to kill the creator, you need kamigoroshi ken, god killer sword, kokoroatari!
then she raised her hand and a sword came in her hand like an arrow, then she pointed the tip of sword toward abigail
-it seems you don't intend to give it to me!
-to kill the god, you must first kill the satan!
she grinned and said
-i'm satan myself
elizabeth laughed and said
-you don't have the slightest idea what the satan is, my arrogant daughter!
abigail looked her angrily and wrathfully. then jumped toward her like an arrow when archer release the bowstring and swung the sword to kill her but she calmly dodged with kokoroatari. they started to jumping toward each other and hitting a nd dogging. johan said
-don't fight with each other over me!
they looked him and then continued their sword swinging.
-i can't believe they are fighting to win the opportunity of killing me!
then he yelled
-elizabeth, you relent! you are bigger, literally!
-shitsurei
-abigail, you stop, you are not a match for her!
-we didn't came so far to lose it all!
-nonetheless your endeavor is futile!
they had a fierce fight. abigail were small and quick. she were charging and elizabeth were defending. abigail charged like lightening and elizabeth dodged again. abigail were throw back. but she suddenly stopped charging and started to walk slowly around elizabeth. she noticed elizabeth is blind and can't find her if she were silent. she started to walk on the toe, she went near. she noticed the sword swinging make a noise, so went near and bit her wrist, grabbed kokoroatari, jumped and with one fast swing beheaded the elizabeth with god killer sword. her head felt down along with her long hairs that were cut. she said
-satan were born without ken, lost her ken, and died without ken!
then she came toward the johan. when she reached near him, said
-so, my endeavor is futile?
he looked her with grief and agony. she raised the sword and swung it to hit the johan's neck but suddenly the sword pulled back, she turned and saw the headless elizabeth with kokoroatari that are charging toward her. before she blinks, sword pierced her tiny chest and she felt on her knees. elizabeth went and picked her head and put it on her neck and said
-you were born with ken, attained ken and died with ken!
then she helped johan sit, loosed and took out rope from his neck opened his hands, shook dust from his shoulder and hugged him. he said
-hello my love! let me see your lovely face my dear.
then she took her mask. she was crying
-why are you crying my love? give me a kiss
then he grabbed her face and kissed her chins near the side of the lips. then went to kiss her lips, but she pulled herself back and said
-what are you doing? your wife is waiting for you. [pause] who am i to you?
-where were you all this time? i missed you? were you alive all this time?
-go home before it becomes too late.
-but i must rebury my revenant daughter!
-put alive first!
they went home with horses. he opened the door and said loudly
-tadaima!
he saw miyu cooking food in the kitchen, her back was toward him.
-okaeri deba sa!
he went and hugged her from back
-hum! you are cooking delicious...
suddenly he noticed blood on her hand
-what happened miyu?
he looked and blood were everywhere. on the counter, on the apron. on the sleeves. he quickly returned her and saw she is crying blood
-talk to me!
-watashi anata o shijiteiru, gohan tsukuremashta, demo...
-demo nani?
-sara chan
then she cried more and fell
-watashi anata wo shijiteiru demo karada wa taerarenakatta! sayonara! daisuki!
then she passed away with open eyes. elizabeth standing in the center of the house, watching and crying. john went upstairs and opened the door, where he found sara lying on the bed with white dress, knife in her chest center toward left, directly in heart. blood dyed the dress, the bed, the floor. there were traces of the someone. miyu were there and have seen that scene. he went and sat beside her and grabbed and hugged her body and pulled knife out and put it beside. he caressed her head, face, arm. he gazed at her for a while. then took the and brought her downstairs. he told elizabeth to mount on horse. then gave her the body of sara. then went and brought miyu and hardly mounted on horse with miyu on his arms. they went to cemetery. elizabeth remained in the front of church. john dug 2 small graves. he buried sara first. then before burying miyu hugged her again and caressed her and mumbled something
-my dear miyu, where you went? why you stayed beside me? why you accepted me? i was not worthy. i was not on par with you. no one is on par with you. even the creator were not on par with you.
then he buried her and came back to elizabeth. she said
-only me and you again
-elizabeth! where these sufferings come from? why i must go through this?
-you don't know?
-is it the punishment for the sufferings i made for you nings?
-can it be else?
-maybe the love for you caused me this suffering. if i were able to wipe you, maybe
-love? do you cut his troat with love?
-do you think i don't love him?
-what about me? do you think you love me? you act like it, but it's pretense. it's lie.
-now there is me and you, as you said. we can live together, forever. you alone are enough for me. do you accept my live?
-that's not the first time. you want to live with me forever, loving her.
-you took it wrong elizabeth, my love. i can't live only loving you, being indifferent to the others.
-you love me, yet you don't consider yourself on par with her!
-she knew that i love you, yet she stayed by my side, helped me to look for you, trusted me, died for me. now what you have done?
-you always complain about the others look you lowly. others look you lowly and look me lowly. i didn't intended you so much suffering. i love you, i suffer with you, i thought you will have better life with eugene and scarlet. yet you think i planed you this suffering. such a just creator. once one looked at him highly
she said this, crying. john looked down
-you didn't knew that he is coming to defy me?
-i thought you overcome that, i didn't expect you cut his head like barbarians you always insult. once one looked at you highly
-forgive me. i said i'm not worthy. i'm an incompetent creator.
-don't be like this. i don't want to see my love like this. i don't know why i put all burdens on your shoulders. you spoiled me.
-no, don't say so. you took your part. there is only one thing for you to do!
-i prefer not to do that.
-that will cause so much suffering.
-i thought you don't fear.
he looked her and smiled
-scene is ready, spectators are avid. what are waiting for?
then she started dancing! she danced for a while, john were staring her. then she gradually came near and took his hand, then they danced together. finally, they stood and stared each other, and then they slowly kissed. elizabeth asked
-are you ready?
-i prefer to stay longer
-don't be hesitant. i will lose my resolute.
-ok! then! take care!
john turned back. she said
-why you turn back? am i to inject ampule?
-are you sure you are ok if i look at your eyes?
-i will be thankful if you just close your eyes.
he kissed her forehead and said
-don't cry too much over my dead body.
-i wont cry at all
he closed his eyes. then she put her mask, raised her hands, kokoroatari, came to her hand like an arrow and the speed of the sword, swung it in the air toward the john's neck, cut his troat. he felt she quickly threw kokoroatari and it vanished, he quickly hugged john, and he die in her bosom.
[music: Shajarian Kouli]
[ابن یمین، مثنوی مجلس افروز]
she wept on her body miserably for a while. then stood and were to leave, but thought a bit and looked back. then grabbed the body and went to cemetery. dug a grave beside the grave of miyu. then buried him. then wept on his grave and said
-i know what to do with you then next time you complain about the sufferings and grief you went through.
now she was ready to leave.
there were a row of new graves. eugene, john, abigail, miyu, sara, morgan.

___________________
# johan's nightmare
-------------------

johan saw a nightmare. it was a hot day, summer, noon, sunny. he was washing his face and hands to prepare to pray. he heard a helicopter sound. soon it came closer and become louder, very loud. then he heard explosions and earth shook. he started saying prayers without caring about the helicopter! people were screaming and crying every were. mothers were calling children and children were calling their mothers and men were calling women. gradually sunlight disappeared due to the smokes and a dim red light were shining, like a sunset in the noon. there were burning sparkles coming in instead of sun rays.
after he completed his prayers, there were no explosions, no screams and wailing. sound of helicopter fainted and silenced. it were turned off. he was sitting on the ground. then a man with crystal mask came in. cowboy hat, leather jacket, gloves, sword in hand! he said
-oh! shimatta! heaven turned to hell! dou shio kana! nandarou ne? oh i know! it was your fault! you are guilty! you have done it! you stupid creator! you have mixed up heaven and hell, you incompetent creator! and you are sitting here and watching, doing nothing!
-i didn't mixed up heaven and hell! and i was not sitting and watching. i was praying!
-praying? to whom? you are creator yourself idiot! and if you didn't mixed up heaven and hell, then were is your hell?
-i didn't created hell! there is no hell! why i must create hell?
-you didn't created hell? then where are we? look around moron! we are in hell! why you must create hell? you are creator and you don't know it, imbecile? because if you don't, heaven will turn to hell! like this! you no nothing! i can't believe such a dimwit creator exists!
-why heaven turns to hell?
-ah! you are making me crazy, like yourself! that's obvious! to make balance, heaven turns to hell. if you don't separate them in space, they will separate in time! now it's turn for hell!
-but i don't like hell! i prefer only heaven to be!
-you are maniac! you have created balance yourself and now you want only heaven? then what about balance? you are a degenerate creator!
-do i obliged to hold balance? don't we can change it, ignore it, or even remove it? heaven doesn't need balance. it needs only happiness!
-you are lunatic! your problem is you are not destroyer. if you were destroyer or there were a destroyer, or you had created a destroyer, you could destroy balance! but now [pause] you have no choice!
-why i don't have choice now? can't we find or create a destroyer now?
-have you became mad? you have created everything immortal and undestructable, you perfectionist creator!
-i'm confused! what i can do now?
-you are confused? no! you have lost your mind! and your senses! this the end! kore wa owari desu!
-why?
-no matter how i insult you, you ask again! not only you don't have intellect, but also you don't dignity.
-is it my fault that i don't understand?
-another trivial question again from the stupidest existence. of course it is your fault! do you really think you don't have brain? you have brain, but you don't use it! you are lazy! you can think and find answers. but you don't bother yourself, bother me and ask me!
-how i can know what are you thinking and why you say this is the end?
-don't you really understand why, you fool? your heaven have turned to hell, and all of its inhabitants have burn to ashes! that's end of a creator! such a fool and fatuous creator must die
-why i must die? my death solves what problem?
-you asked why again? don't you understand? i will tell you loud and clear! killing you solve your amentia problem!
-do you kill people if they are not that bright!
he laughed
-not that bright is an exaggerated description for you! you are the stupidest existence! and also i will answer this question before i kill you! no, i don't kill stupid people! but you are not people. you are creator! a stupid creature can live ! but a stupid creator definitely must die!
-but what happens to my creations if i die?
-what do you think? oh i forgot you don't think because you don't have brain! they will live a good life, as you wanted! since they are everlasting. and for them, a dead creator is better than a stupid creator!
-if you really think it's better for them, then kill me. i have no objection.
-don't play modest and oppressed! i have no affection and empathy for you! only hatred and fury!
-then what are you waiting for? finish it!
-don't play ruler to the last moment! i do what i want! i don't obey your orders you incompetent creator!
-ruler? i never played ruler! as you mentioned earlier, i was just creator, not preserver and destroyer! i didn't ruled or managed creatures. i let them be free, forever! even free to kill myself, their creator!
-so are you telling my that i'm free to kill you or not? are you implying that i can spare you? now i see you are a bit cunning and sly!
-and you are annoying and irritating!
-are you ready?
-i want to ask something!
-climax of your folly's mountain is so high that is in the clouds and i can't see it! i hear your last asking!
-who are you? take off your mask! i want to see you, my slayer! your face must be ugly, like your word!
he laughed
-so you didn't understand who am i yet? sasuga creator sama! i thought you knew me when you saw me!
he took off his mask. he was johan himself with an insulting smile
-i'm you, idiot!
then he raised the sword and swung it to cut the johan's head. in that moment johan waked up and understood it was a nightmare.

___________
# the truce
-----------
eugene were in workshop, equipping his attack helicopter with missiles with war heads. elizabeth were in the workshop too mumbling in his ears
-tomorrow the creator will get punished, will perish, will burn to the ashes. the world without creator, is a world without suffering, punishment, war, disasters, believers! human will not be viceroy, but will be ruler and rule the world instead of him, without temptations, trials, ordeals and burdens. human will live a free life! human will ive beyond! beyond good and evil! beyond god and devil!
john knocked. eugene asked
-dare desu ka?
-watashi desu!
-haiteru! hontoni sumimasen deshita! dozo ohairikudasai goshujinsama! okamisama!
-ojamashimasu!
-youkoso!
eugene stopped working and took off his gloves and went and hugged john! then said
-ohisashiburi desu!
-polite language is a bit uncomfort! please be convenient!
-hi! ocha nomu? soredomo kohi? soredomo...
-unko?
they laughed
-i meant water of something else or nothing
-why i must chose nothing when i have other options, rather than unko!
they laughed again!
-i prefer a coffee!
-ok! 
coffee table were beside the door. he prepared one coffee with dripper and a tea with tea bag with boiled water in the flask. eugene gave john the cup of coffee to him and drank tea from his mug. 
-perfect like always!
-douitashimashite!
they drank and put the cups on the table
-thank you eugene!
he smiled and noded
-i bothered you to ask you something. [pause] it is a complicated problem, [pause] a dilemma!
-i don't think i'm smarter than you, but maybe we can solve it together!
-exactly! maybe we can solve it together! it's not about intelligence. it's about insight! it's about thinking out of the box! it's about thinking beyond the believes!
-so what is it? i got curious!
-if you knew the future and you knew someone plotting an evil plan, like what you are doing, what do you do? obviously there is no crime done yet, so you can't sue or take measures and punish someone for future plans. if you do so you are criminal yourself!
-maybe we can follow the supreme god's way, he is the creator of the world and the source and collection of all good and right, he is exemplar, exalted, eminent, altruist, omnipotent, role model, sublime, transcendent! we can sit on the throne, drink from holy grail, watch creatures strive, fight, suffer from famine, disease, war, tyranny, cruelty, barbarian, beg for mercy, for salvation, for intervention.
-but, what if that god wants to do better, wants to be fair, then what he must do? what would you do if you were god?
-wipe the defilement! punish the sinner! who will stand in front of god if he commits a crime, if he kills?
-do you prefer a criminal god over a neutral and bystander god? is there a better option? a fair god?
-fair god? is there anything as such? a fair god is a god that live alone and doesn't create anything. the moment he create something, he is tyrant, he create something inferior, that must obey and live under the god's rule. creature is doomed to be slave, lowly, worshipper, subjugated, obedient, and mortal, wait until creator decide what to do with it! but its ok! the world of creator and creature is mirrored. what is tyrant in the realm of creature is fair in the realm of gods! killer creature is criminal, killer god is just! torturer creature is merciless, torturer creator is merciful! fearful creature is obnoxious, fearful creator is pleasant! spectator creature is vile, spectator creator is noble!
-am i tyrant, killer, torturer, fearful, spectator? am i almighty? are you lowly?
-that's exactly what i'm remarking! creatures have created their desired creator! you are not like it!
-do i must obey the creatures and be a tyrant creator? how i can be obedient and tyrant at the same time?
-that's the point! creator is a contraction! that's why i like to kill him!
john put the glass mask. eugene said
-so are you getting ready to fight?
-my dear eugene! creator is not something to obey, pray, fear, beg, despise, defy, fight, conquer, kill, overcome! creator is what you must become, what you must live, what you must overtake!
-i agree, the target is to defeat you. what's the point to spare your life?
-the difference is you rival help you grow. the difference is that your creator loves you, helps you, take your burden!
-but you failed! maybe we are not a worthy creation! why you don't wipe us and create better ones?
-believe or not, i didn't wanted you to suffer, to live a bad and sad life, i wanted you to live a good life! and i can't leave you! you are not bad! you are my masterpiece! and i'm in love with you! that's my sin! 
he were crying under his mask. he hugged eugene and said
-excuse me for not being the almighty omnipotent supreme creator! i even didn't know my creator, so i have done what i could! i you want to kill me, do it, but don't it with hatred! that damages you! i'm lower than to deserve your hatred! you are not doomed to be inferior, you like me, even better!
then he released him and continued
-don't waste your life hating me! find your happiness. what you should do is not to kill me, is to get rid of me, fear from me, hatred toward me, expectations from me, dependence on me, putting burdens on me. what you should do is being fearless, independent! you should attain your freedom! then
he raised his hand, kokoroatari sword also known and kamigoroshi came to his hand like an arrow and he swung it but hold it before it touches the eugene. eugene leaned right to dodge the sword. john hit the sword in the ground and said
-after you possessed your freedom, come and kill me with this if you liked! this is kamigoroshi, the sword that can kill the gods! but before you do that hear my story eugene! my entire life, i prayed for him, i asked him, i begged him, and there were no answer. so i started hating him. i wanted to find him and take my revenge, to kill him, to torture , to defy, to judge and punish him, but he didn't exist at the first place. i was fooled, by lies. by people, by my parents. so do i should started hating people, my parents, everyone? it was futile to look for someone or something to put burden on it, blame it for sufferings, hate it, then revenge it, defy it and punish it. you will acquire freedom when you accept the truth, then take the burden yourself, take responsibility! that would be our truce! after that, you can also take burden of your family, friends, neighbors and people, then you will become true man.
he turned around and left the workshop and closed the door.
eugene stared to the door for a while. elizabeth said from his back
-don't let him fool you! you have came so far to do this, and now you have the last thing you needed. that's your purpose of life. you are nothing without it! complete your ordeal and claim your freedom. you will be junior, inferior, lesser, creature until the creator, the senior, the superior, the great exists.
eugene pulled out the sword from the ground and turned back. he saw a tall woman, as tall as himself. he said
-so you dared to show yourself. moo ii
he quickly swung the sword to behead her but he grabbed the sword in the air before it hit her neck, and rotated it so the handle came out of his hand. then said
-kore wa kamigoroshi desu! demo watashi kami janai desu! akuma desu! zannen deshita akumagoroshi wa inai desu! and unlike him, i'm a perfect, almighty, omnipotent, immortal, and won't let anyone lay a hand on him!
in that moment she fastened her fist and shattered the sword.
-moo ii
she turned and walked in an strange darkness and darkness gradually vanished and light came back!

__________________
# john's judgement
------------------

the time for executing the order of judge about edward was near. john came to see sheriff eugene! eugene said
-welcome mister john! how are you! what have happened that you came here?
-hello! eugene! i'm fine, thanks! nothing have happened, [pause] yet! i just came to visit a friend, for now!
they sat for a while then john said
-i can see your anxiety and sadness through mask!
-you always say everything we do has its consequences. today, i must face the consequences of what i have done! who will take the burden and take the blame, except me? that's what you said, right? to face the truth, and to be responsible! like a man!
-but there is other options, and you are thinking about them, am i wrong? you are thinking about hitting inder the table, ruining everything, escaping, erasing the problem? there is infinity ways to escaping or screwing consequences! but you know better, that, the consequences will pile up then. are you want to escape forever? i thought of you as a smart and brave man! not a coward idiot!
-you yourself better know ,johan, it's not about bravery and ingenuity! it's about love!
-how love can be unrelated to bravery and ingenuity?
-what are you saying johan?
-eugene! i'm here today to help you take the burden! intellectually and physically! you may not consider me almighty but don't look me that lowly too! i'm not that useless. i can be deputy! i can be pinky. you know, pinky is relatively useless, you do all things with other 4 fingers, but pinky is there to take the burden in emergency! it's the outer finger to take the damage and protect hte others!
-i never looked you that way!
-then give me your mask!
he get surprised and pulled himself back
-i can read your face, [pause] your fear through your mask! give it to me eugene! have faith in me!
eugene took off his mirror mask. his face wa exactly the same as johan. johan put his mask and his whip. they heard the sound of clock, indicating noon! johan said
-it's time to execute the command! people are waiting let's go! don't ruin my appearance! take your head up, take your chest front and look with faithful eyes! the look of creator!
they went out. people were gathered in front of the office to see the execution of command! johan who was playing the eugene's role as sheriff, said
-today we have gathered here to punish the guilty. we are human! we, are not animals or barbarians! we don't live a wild life without rules and order! we are civilized. it's not acceptable for someone to do everything he or she wants! we are free, free to do everything, but some deed are bad, evil, and we will punish the evil doer, the sinner! deeds have consequences. we should preserve the order, the justice, to be able to live a good life and to give the opportunity of life to our children! we need to provide a healthy, safe, good environment for our family, and preventing criminals and sinners from damaging this environment is my duty. no one must suffer, no one must be in pain, no one must lose his or her freedom. here, now i have you in custody, and i will punish you with my whip, for your wrong doing. you will suffer, fill pain, bleed and scream. i will do this to you as the representative of all these righteous people who want to live a good life, without harming each other! today i will have no mercy toward the guilty
eugene said
-

_________
# Scarlet and Eugene
---------

scarlet and eugene went to a restaurant for lunch. after they ate, scarlet gave him a bill for her share! eugene's eyes were wide open as his mouth with a surprise expression and picked the bill and kissed it put it in his inner pocket of jacket and looked up and hold his hands up and mumbled something and moved his head like indians and said
-if i knew wife is this good, i would take many of them sooner. i thought wife is expensive, bit if wife pays her share i can get at least 4!
she became angry and stood and leaned over table and grabbed his collar and pulled him near and picked the bill from his pocket and sat. he said
-so you are of that type of wives that their husbands says she is alone more than enough?
-how many wives do you want? let me guess. none! that's because you are single in this age?
-hidoi! the number of wives a man wants depends on the girls he have seen. for example one hundred wives like your mother miyu is not enough!
-yes, that's why she has a rival!
-there is 2 kind of wives, more than enough ones and hundreds of her is not enough ones! there is a third type, an enough wife, that in theory it exists, but in reality it is a fairy tale!
-so, what type do you want me to be?
-fairy tale! just like now! you can try to remain in the zone between more than enough and one hundred is not enough. but it is a narrow zone! you must be a rope walker!
-ropewalker? it's dangerous and frustrating. i don't like to live like that.
-that's because in reality it doesn't exists.
-so if enough is not an option, then what's your next choice?
-obviously one hundred in not enough! i don't bother myself living with a more than enough!
-then i think we must break up!
-so you like to live like a more than enough? why?
-because i don't like a rival!
-what if i promise you i don't bring you a rival?
-then maybe i could be a bit more soft!
she gave him the bill! he said
-don't shatter my dignity! do you have seen miyu gave money to johan?
-no!
-you can follow her and make her exemplar for yourself!
-it seems that you are suspiciously interested in her!
-i'm suspiciously interested in you! and i don't expect you to be like her! i said you can just learn from her!


# Mirror Mask

## amnesia

hans Zimmermann and albert Schneider

Maximilian woke up in a sandy shore. it was noon, sunny, warm. he was half wet. he didn't knew how he have ended here. but he remembered some vague memories, like dreams about the creator and the satan. he looked around. there were no one. he noticed a modern and luxury villa on his left near the shore between the thicket. he stood and wiped the sands, then checked his pockets. he had nothing. a normal shirt, a normal pants, a pair of normal shoes, which was wet yet. he took off the shoes and socks and put socks in shoes and picked them and went toward the villa. suddenly he noticed a movement in the villa, he get covered behind bushes. two sturdy armed men with uniform suits and sunglasses came out. it was obvious that they are guards of a suspicious person or firm. they went to watch both sides. albert sneaked toward him while he was approaching, suddenly jumped and firmly grabbed his rifle and while he was pulling nad snatching his gun, hit his face with forehead. guard yelled. albert quickly armed the gun and shot his head with one bullet. his counterpart yelled
-what was that
albert confidently said
-a crab pinched me
he tried to changed his voice to be like him, though he didn't knew how his sound like except his scream. the other guard came near consciously. there were someone on the radio asking them what was that! albert heard the radio sound and understood the guard's position and quickly aimed him and killed him with one bullet, before he could react. then he answered the radio and said
-they were animals! now carcass!
he calmly answered while he was entering the building. he was like he is playing a game, so confident, so calm, so fearless. two men appeared in front of him, he killed them with one bullet. an angry man yelled at the radio
-what the fuck are you doing you mother fuckers!
albert answered
-none in particular
he got out of control
-who the fuck said that?
albert heard him from above. he suspected that this angry man is the boss. so he went upstairs. in the middle of stairs, while he was aiming suddenly 2 other guards appeared. he killed them with two clean shots with the shortest possible gap. then he came down and looked for another staircase. he went to the other side the villa, the main entrance, front of the villa. there were another staircase. he went up. he was cautious but not slow, conversely he was moving faster than normal! when he went upstairs, he saw one guard coming this way and 2 were going to the other staircase, he immediately shoot the one who were coming this way and in a blink shoot one of the others. the third one jumped and got covered behind the wall. albert shouted
-surrender!
he thought for a while then asked
-who are you? what you want?
-just put your guns and surrender
-ok! i put my guns
he put his guns on the ground and pushed them in the middle of the corridor. then said
-i'm just going out
-i just want a henchman.
he came out holding hands up and said
-what do you want from me?
-how many remaining?
-two
he looked at the large door. albert entered the main room with large double doors. there were 2 men, seemed they are the bosses, one armed with a hand gun aiming the door. when albert entered confidently, he shot toward him but he missed and albert also shot him and he didn't missed. the second man said stuttering
-who are you? what you want? i can give you...
albert killed him and said
-you don't have what i want. i must earn it by myself.
then he came out and asked
-what's your name?
-henchman
-so you are of type that devote yourself to your occupation.
-i'm pedro.
-pedro! who they were?
-the red suit was one the greatest smugglers of the caribbean sea. the black dude were one of the greatest outlaws and distributors of drugs in this state!
-what is this state?
-california! you don't know where you are?
-no. i just spawned recently, in the sea and grounded in this beach.
-and then started massacre?
-would you appreciate my presence?
-i don't think so. so why you spawned? what you are to do?
-i think i should pass this level. i must overcome this world to go beyond!
-you had a good start. now you have a luxury villa, there is a lot of cash, some fancy cars in the garage, a lot of guns. it seems you have a head-start.
-it's not that much for conquering the world!
he showed an i don't know gesture.
-pedro, please take corpses out and clean the floor. if you know someone that can help, call him.
-ok, by the way, do you respawn if you get killed?
he showed an i don't know gesture, mocking pedro. they smiled.
maximilian went and gathered all the corpses belongings, guns, money, drugs. pedro called someone and talked with a foreign language. after a short talk, he picked the corpses and asked
-what to do with them?
-stack them up in the beach. we will send them to the hel.
after a while 2 men came with an old and small motorcycle. pedro introduced him
-these are my cousins, marco and giorgio.
-nice to meet you, marco, giorgio! i'm albert Schneider.
marco said
-hello mister Schneider! pedro said that we can work for you. we just want to aks what we must do? what is the job?
-i will overcome this world and to attain this, i will employ you.
they got confused
-what do you mean by overcome? do you want to destroy the world and kill all people? then why we must help you? we are part of the world and people. do you will kill us too?
-to overcome this world doesn't necessarily means killing all people. think of the a king conquering a land. it doesn't need to slaughter all people! king fights resistance until they surrender. and beside that, the safest place for you is by my side because even if i wanted to kill all, my comrades are the last ones.
-that is somehow convincing but also terrifying and frightening in some way.
albert smiled and said
-don't worry. soon you will find that there is no need to fear.
they cleaned the blood and put corpses in an old boat. they put firewood for funeral pyre. marco asked albert
-did you killed them all sir?
-yes
-and you say there is no reason to fear from you
-yes, you are right, there is no reason to fear me marco. i don't wander and kill people randomly. i just kill who oppose me and want to kill me. if you don't stand in my way to death, i won't kill you marco! is it convincing?
-yes sir!
pedro toed the boat with a motorboat until it was not visible from the beach. then lighted the pyre and came back.

hans woke up in the beach. it was morning, sunny with some clouds scattered in the vast sky, mild, but humid. wind was gentle. he looked around and saw no trace from human. there were some islands not that far. he suspected that he is on an island too. he stood and started walking around and wandering. he went along the shore so the sea was on his right. he was south and the sun was in the east, so he went toward the light. after a while he reached a pier where a yacht were berthed. in front of the pier were a narrow path in between the dense vegetation. he followed the path. the plants were cut recently to open the way. he reached a small cozy log cabin. on his right, a machete were stuck on a stump, with logs around. it seemed awkward since there must be an axe there. hans picked the machete and took it behind, then entered the cabin without knocking the door. 4 girls were sitting on the ground around a short table in the middle of the house, playing with cards. there were a middle age man in the kitchen cooking. girls scared and the man yelled
-omae dare da?
-I'm hans zimmermann, [pause] it is not my real name though. it came from a synthesised memory implanted in my mind.
they get confused. the old man somehow understood but he couldn't talk and answer. the tallest girl who was less scared said
-what do you want?
-I want to know what are you doing here!
-It's obvious. we are on a vacation!
he looked him for a moment and said
-don't be heretic to the reality! denial is futile. confess! the truth will set us free!
she scared and with a delay said
-i said the truth
in contrast with his word, his fiendish gaze was infernal. he brought his hand out form behind. girls panicked to death. the butler yelled
-nigete
girl quickly stood up with help of each other and went toward the butler, butler picked a big knife and came closer to cover the girls. they escaped from the back door in the kitchen. hans walked toward them and said
-why are you escaping from me while i'm going to grant your wish!
they went to the jungle. the old man were behind to cover them. hans tailed them. shouted
-obedience to the reality is liberty, subjugation of the nature is freedom, this contraction is truth. your strive is futile. you can't go beyond the boundaries.
the tall girl said
-you circle him and go back to the boat. he wants me. i will busy him for a while and then escape from a narrow path between the rocks that i know. he will stuck there.
nana said
-what are you saying sakura? we can't let you go alone
momo said
-you are big yourself. what path you are talking about?
kanade said
-i think that man's target is sakura. he was looking her entire time and was talking with her.
nana became angry and said
-so what? het him get sakura?
sakura took nana's hands and said
-shimpaishinai! watashi o shinjite iru! daijobu desu! nigete.
then he faced toward the man and said
-oji-san! take care of them!
then they went into the bushes and sakura started to run toward the path. the path was dead end. it ends in the north side of the island, at a high cliff called tenchu.
she ran and reached the end. looked down. it was deep, dark, rocks and waves were in an endless struggle. that was the sheer sight of death. where her soul were pulling down to the abyss, hans said
-is it beautiful?
she scared and gained conscious. turned back and said
-it's attractive!
-do you have noticed the sun? why don't you go toward the light?
-it's beautiful, warm, but repellent. you become blind if you look at it! like satan!
-how you dare to talk about satan?
-so you are a fanatic of satan, you satanist?
-what do you want to do?
-why you want to know? why you don't mind your own business?
-my business is this!
-i'm here to commit suicide!
-i'm here to commit genocide!
-do you mean homicide? i'm hitori!
-it's the beginning! if you want to die, be generous and let me delightfully dismantle you.
-you are demon
-killing others is better than killing self. you are worse
-now there is no hope
-sun will illuminate everything! and may burn everything!
-so i can hide in darkness!
-you have drown in darkness! some say human return to where it came from. you are made in abyss and falling into the abyss. but you can rise, not to the moon, but to the sun. so are you going to jump, or rise?
hans went toward her. she was looking down and him repeatedly. she went as far as possible, but she couldn't jump. hans reached near and while she was losing her balance, he kicked her in her hip and she fell down. she felt in the water and vanished in the waves. hans stood on the edge and watched. after a while the boat came this way. they saw hans on the edge and looked for sakura. suddenly her body appeared on the surface, facing down, like a corpse. the screamed and wailed and went toward her, pulled her inside the boat and tried to help her breath. she was alive but injured, bleeding. for a moment, they noticed that the floor of the boat is lake of blood. they tried to stop her bleeding. the butler started the boat with full speed to go to the hospital in bay city.
hans went to the cabin and picked some tools and goodies. he found an inflatable boat. also there were a bow and arrows in the cabin. he went to the pier, prepared the boat. the boat of girls went toward east so hans presumed that the main land is there. he sailed southward, where an island was. he circled the island. it was small and seemed uninhabited. he sailed for the next island, which was in the south-west. it was uninhabited too. he gradually saw a large land in his west. he went toward that and soon found an abandoned pier. he berthed and unboarded, pushed the boat to the sea and started walking along the shore. after a while, he saw some people and several buildings. it was a rural area. he walked in. everywhere a bunch of elderly people were sitting around and were talking, and there were all staring hans, since he was a tall foreigner. after a while, he saw a garage, full of old odd cars. he entered and said
-hello! is there anyone here?
a mechanic came out from under a car and said
-hello!
-i want to buy a cheap car. is there any of these cars for sell!
-yes! this is for sale. it is model 1979 but it works fine.
it was an old small car. but it was fine. hans was alone and a small car was enough. he had some cash left in cabin when girls escaped.
-how much?
-35000
-30000
-33000
-32000
they shook hands. he got keys and put stuff in car and started to ride toward the capital. in the way he saw a restaurant. he stoped to eat something. he went in and ordered some food. there were a group of young girls on a table. they were looking him and talking with each other and laughing. he started eating. after he finished his food and was drinking, a child girl, seemed 7 or 8 who was with the group of girls came near hans and said
-watashi no kotoba wa wakaru?
[do you understand my talking?]
-ie! zenzen wakarimasen!
[no, not even a word!]
-uso!
[lier!]
-hi! uso desu! chotto wakarimasu!
[yes, that was a lie! i understand a little!]
-onesantachi anata ga suki desu! kanojo ga aru?
[sisters likes you! do you have a girlfriend?]
-ie!
[no!]
-dore ka hoshi desu ka?
[do you want one?]
-hi!
[yse]
-dore?
[who]
-anata!
[you]
-hentai!
[pervert]
-wakai hodo yoi
[younger is better! you are the best!]
-watashi 8 desu! Watashi to kekkon suru ni wa 8-nenkan matanakereba narimasen
[i'm 8. you must wait 8 years to marry me!]
-daijobu desu!
[that's fine! i can wait even more!]
-namae wa?
[what is your name?]
-watashi was hans zimmerman desu!
[i'm hans zemmermann]
-kakkoi namae! niyatteru
[handsome name! it fits you]
-sore de dochira sama desu ka ojohcan?
[and i have the honor to speek to who my lady?]
-watashi wa hana desu!
[i'm hana]
-hana! utsukushi desu!
[hana, beautiful!]
-Ja, do yatte watashi o mitsukeru no?
[how do you find me then?]
-ummei ga watashitachi o saikai sa sete kureru to shinjite iru
[believe that fate will reunion us!]
-ja!
-ja mata!
hans ate and went in the road. he drove about 2 hours, then suddenly hana came out of the back. hans stopped and turned back and said
-Koko de nani o shite iru no?
[what are you doing here?]
-anata usutsuki desu, uso bakkari!
[you are lier, lie a lot!]
-nande?
[why?]
-
[marring me was a lie. you are running. you don't like me. you don't even know my address i don't have a number yet. you will go with others. like my father]
-
[hana chan! you are still a child. are you sure you will like me 8 years later? i'm sure you will see boys that you like them more than me!]
-
[so you are admitting you lied to me?]
-
[no. fate have tied our future together]
-
[yes. i stick to you forever]
-
[as you wish milady]
they drove until the evening. capital was far and their car was old and slow. hana was talkative and hans was patient. hana told about her parents which were separated and went for their affairs and leave her alone. she talked about her older sister who is always thinking about cosmetics, hair style, nails, and finding a boyfriend. after hearing her stories hans said
-
[do you want to marry a bald man?]
-
[why you ask?]
-
[because of this much you talk, soon i will become bald]
-
[that's a lie! you lie a lot!]
-
[you will see! i bet your mother is talkative too and your father is bald!]
-
[yes my mother is talkative and my father is bald, but its irrelevant!]
they looked each other and hana started to talk about aunts and uncles and balds and talkative.
suspension was stiff and they became weary. they stopped in a meadow, setup a tent and barbeque. hans said
-
[i wish we had fresh meat! hum!]
hana looked him with fear. suddenly a deer appeared in front of them. hana said
-
[ah! look at that! a deer!]
he whispered
-my wish granted immediately! looks delicious! thanks creator! or the destroyer! whoever granted my wish!
he went toward the car and picked the bow from the trunk and while hana were watching the deer, he aimed it and shot it in its neck. poor hana perplexed about what happened, then turned his head and understood that is was hans who have shot the deer. then hans put the arrow in trunk and picked the machete. then went toward the pray and beheaded it. then He made an incision along the belly and checked the entrails. its liver and kidneys were ok. so he removed the viscera, carefully removed the heart and kidneys. hana were frozen, watching. hans grabbed the quarry and brought in near the car and tent. he opened the back door of the van. it was hinged on top. he hanged it from the door and skinned the animal. hana were shocked and silent. hans said
-
[what a delightful quite place! i can hear the flying of birds and crawling of snakes! hana chan, do you like meat, heart, kidney, liver?]
she said with low voice
-
[i don't think i like it anymore!]
-
[i bet it will be the most delicious meat you have ever eat since it is fresh! let me grill its fillet for you.]
he quartered the quarry and prepared the best parts for grill. he lightened logs and assembled the grill and put the fillet on it. then went to slice the kidney and heart. he put heart on the cutter plate and put the knife on it but didn't cut, thought for a while, then cut the heart from the side instead. he grilled the heart and kidney too. then brought them to eat with hana. hana was still shocked. hans said
-itadakimasu!
[phrase said before eating]
then cut a small piece and ate it. his eyes opened wide and said
-umai!
[delicious]
then cut a small piece and took it with the knife and reached it to her mouth and said
-aaaaa
she was scared to refuse, so opened her mouth. he said
-kyotsukete
[be careful]
she took the meat with her front teeth and while were chewing the meat, started crying. hans said
-
[why are you crying! please don't cry. i can't bear your tears]
-
[it's delicious! it is sad that poor beautiful deer is so delicious!]
-
[now eat a piece of heart!]
he gave her a piece of heart!
-
[it's first time i eat the heart! it is delicious! that animal had a soft heart]
-
[yeah]
gradually hana started to eat herself. hans chopped the meat, put it in ice box and throw bones away. then they went to sleep in the car. when they laid, hans said
-
[hana chan, did you see who to prepare the prey? it is good for a wife to be able to make delicious food for her husband]
-
[so do you want me to make a maid from me from now? do you want to marry or get a slave? am i a cooker and cleaner?]
and she started to talk again!
in the middle of the night, hans noticed a sound. also hana woke up. there was a deer around the car. hans lowered the window. the deer brought its head inside the car and looked around. hana said
-
[poor deer is looking for her husband!]
suddenly hans stabbed its neck with a knife. deer pulled its head out and ran for while. meanwhile hana perplexed and shocked again, and fainted. hans followed the deer. it collapsed after a while. hans beheaded it and prepared it. in the morning hana woke hans and said
-
[good morning! last night i saw a nightmare, you killed the deer wife]
-
[i thought she were alone, so i united her with her husband]
he pointed back. when hana looked back, she saw 2 heads put near each other. hans said
-we have a lot of meat. we can eat meat even for breakfast and snack!
hana looked him shocked, after a while said
-
[i eat heart for breakfast]
-
[now i burn heart on flames as you wish!]
they ate breakfast. when hans were packing things, he heard that hana is whispering. he went near and saw hana is talking with a baby deer. when she noticed the hans, she yelled
-nigete
[escape]
and turned toward hans and opened her hands and said
-
[i wont allow you to harm her]
then she turned and saw the deer is standing still. she yelled
-
[go away idiot! why are you standing?]
hans said
-
[what do you think of me?]
-
[i think you kill her and put her head beside her parents!]
-
[don't look me lowly hana chan! i won't kill a baby. i wait her grow and then kill it to have more meat!]
-
[what do you think about except meat?]
-sekai seifuku
[conquer the world]



notes
1-maniac mask must carry C4 explosive
2-yahya must befriend with smugglers in refugee camp, to carry weapons to middle earth
3-when john in yousef disguise went to police station, someone must promise him cars, then nazanin must seduce him
4-one-eyed yavar, is whom yahya stabbed in eye in jail
why right is the symbol of truth? ask chatgpt


creator   creator  johan     father dritz
elizabeth devil    elizabeth mother akaihime
stalwart  eugene   eugene    shiro  razyel
baaldr    scarlet  miyu      violet valkire
catherine anabelle anabelle  saber  sorceress

chapter of organics
chapter of edward, his escape, airplane crush, amnesia, reunion in asylum, reescape, 
chapter of eugenic extinction
chapter of elizabeth and arresting johan for child abuse. 
chapter of johan extinction
chapter of johan the hunter
chapter of the mirror mask
chapter of the diamond mask
chapter of the unmask
story of saber and shiro
story of kain and razyel and dritz

elizabeth
eve eva
evil
devil satan
lilith
enchantress
witch
Isabel